Retargeting with RevX: A Game-changer for First Games 1.3X - Improvement in conversion rate 2.8X - Increase in monthly conversions 1.7X - Drop in CPA See how we enabled new growth levels for a top gaming client. Case Study Solutions App Retargeting Brand Building Incrementality Testing Programmatic App Impact User Acquisition Technology Case Studies Blog About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Affle's Privacy Statement, effective as of 02-03-2022 The Privacy Notice disclose the privacy practices of Affle. The Privacy Notice describes how we (i.e. Affle) collect and use your personal information in relation to Affle websites, platforms, services, events, and experiences. 1. What Personal Data do we collect ?(i) When you use Affle's Platform:We (i.e. Affle) collect information including your IP address (which provides broad location information as well), device type and model, system language, the device's operating system (such as Android or iOS), SDK version, mobile carrier name, mobile browsers installed on the device (such as Chrome or Safari), using either cookies or through the HTML headers when you view/ click on our ads. In addition, through the apps/ sites we partner with, we may get additional information regarding downloads and installations of mobile applications and information regarding in-app events (such as in-app purchases), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID etc.(ii) Other activities such as : Visiting our websites that display or link to this Privacy Statement. Visiting our social media pages. Receive communications from us or otherwise communicate with us, including but not limited to emails, phone calls, texts or faxes. Register for, attend, or take part in our marketing events, such as webinars and programs. Participate in surveys, research or other similar data collection facilitated by us. The type of Personal Data we collect may include contact information (e.g. name, email address, postal address, company information, and other profile information), login details, comments, preferences, feedback, user data (Read the detailed cookie policy here) and any other Personal Data that may be required to facilitate your dealings with us. We may also collect / have access to such information that you have voluntarily shared with us through any forms submitted or collected during direct contact with you. 2. What we do with the personal data ?When you use Affle's Platform, Affle uses the information in order to serve targeted advertising and offers and/or detect ad fraud. Affle does not use sensitive personal data such as race, religion, health, or political views for interest-based targeting.Affle may also collect data for the following purposes : Contact and communicate with you. To administer and manage the websites. To sort and analyse website user data. To understand how people use the features and functions of our websites in order to improve the user experience. We will use your information only for the purpose stated above. We will not share your information with any third party outside our organization, except with authorized Data Processing partners who would have Privacy Policies similar to ours. Unless specifically denied/ restricted, we may contact you via email in the future to update you about specials, new products, services, or any change in this Privacy Notice. We may use the data analytics from the data collected. Please be noted that should you not consent and provide us with the relevant personal data to fulfil the purposes of collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by Affle, listed in section 2 of this Privacy Policy, it may hinder our ability to continue to interact with you. 3. How long we keep your personal data ?We may retain your Personal Data for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection or as long as required to fulfil our legal obligations.After this period, your personal data will be irreversibly destroyed.Any personal data held by us for marketing and service update notifications will be kept by us until such time that you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information. 4. What are your rights ?You may have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws these rights may include the right to: Access your Personal Data held by us. Know more about how we process your Personal Data. Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete. Erase or delete your Personal Data. Restrict our processing of your Personal Data. Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible. Object to any processing of your Personal Data. Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties. If you're under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt into certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties. Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights described above. Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects ("Automated Decision-Making"); and Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent), without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on such consent before its withdrawal : If you withdraw your consent for us to collect, use or disclose your personal data, we may not be able to fulfil the Purposes listed in Section 1 of this Privacy Policy. You may withdraw your consent for your personal data to be used for marketing purposes and you will stop receiving marketing information from us via the mode(s) of communication for which you have withdrawn such consent after a period permitted under law or in accordance with our internal policies. Please note that such withdrawal of your consent will not affect our ability to provide you with the products and services for which you have requested or to which you have applied, subscribed or are participating with us. To exercise your rights, please contact us by using the information in Section 6 below. Affle will respond to all legitimate requests within one month and will contact you if we need additional information from you to verify your identity. Taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive, the process may take longer than a month If you wish to complain about how we have handled your personal data, please contact us using the information at section 6 below. Our DPO will then look into your complaint and work with you to resolve the matter. If, however, you still feel that we have not been able to assist you with your complaint and concern, and you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you have the right to contact your local data protection authority and file a complaint with them. You may withdraw your consent for us to collect, use or disclose your personal data by giving us reasonable notice. 5. SecurityWe take appropriate precautions including organizational, technical, and physical measures to help safeguard against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, the Personal Data we process or use. When you share information, we ensure that your information is protected both online and offline.Whenever, we collect information, that information is transmitted to us in an encrypted format and the same can be verified by a lock icon in the address bar or by "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.While we use encryption to protect information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only those employees who are assigned with the job shall be granted access to information. However, no human has access to any individual user information, and only aggregated information and reports are provided to our internal employees or Affiliates on a strictly need basis. Individual user information is only stored in computers/ servers, which are kept in a secure environment.Affle is committed to implementing appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard Personal Data and ensure that all personnel who have access to and/or process Data are obliged to keep the Personal Data confidential.Affle complies with its obligations under the Data Protection Legislation (GDPR) or any other applicable Data Protection Law/ Regulation by providing an adequate level of protection to any Personal Data that is transferred.However, no method of storage or transmission is 100% secure. You are solely responsible for protecting your password, limiting access to your devices and signing out of websites after your sessions. 6. Contacting usAffle has appointed a Data Protection Officer in Singapore. To exercise your rights regarding Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding this Privacy Statement or our privacy practices, please email us at dpo[at]affle[dot]com The Privacy Policy was last updated on 07-04-2022 Stay ahead of the curve. Sign up for the RevX Insights, your monthly dose of must-know information and trends shaping the future of AdTech. *I have read the Privacy Policy and agree to its terms. Made for Growth Built for App Marketers Case Studies Blog About Us Contact Us Advertiser T&C Publishers T&C Privacy Policy Cookie Policy We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.AcceptCancel