Skip to the content Contact Us Undertone Menu Advertiser Display Video CTV Social & Content Quick-Turnaround Performance Marketing Social Good Political Publisher Publisher Solutions Uplift Minority Network Commerce Solutions Data & Tech Data Integrations Targeting Solutions SORT® Insights Creative PIXL Creative Studios Feature Spotlights Company About Us Newsroom Leadership Environmental, Social & Governance Careers Contact Us Close Menu Advertiser Show sub menu Display Video CTV Social & Content Quick-Turnaround Performance Marketing Social Good Political Publisher Show sub menu Publisher Solutions Uplift Minority Network Commerce Solutions Data & Tech Show sub menu Data Integrations Targeting Solutions SORT® Insights Creative Show sub menu PIXL Creative Studios Feature Spotlights Company Show sub menu About Us Newsroom Leadership Environmental, Social & Governance Careers Contact Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram Privacy Center UNDERTONE PRIVACY POLICY We here at Undertone love privacy. We love it so much, we invented a new method of targeted advertising that doesn't use any personal information at all. You know what else we love? You. We love you so much that we created this Privacy Center to help spread our love of privacy. TERMS OF USE Your rights and obligations when visiting our page. PRIVACY POLICY Read more about how we collect and use data. CCPA NOTICE If you are a California resident, your privacy rights are enhanced by California law. Click to read more. OPT OUT Click here to find out how to adjust your preferences regarding targeted advertising. DATA ACCESS REQUEST Click here for instructions on how to request access to your Personal Data. COOKIE POLICY Learn how we use cookies on our site and in our services. Undertone creates memorable ad experiences by thoughtfully orchestrating solutions across video, advanced TV, rich media, and social. We bring the art and science of advertising together to intelligently craft campaigns that uplift consumers, brands, and publishers alike. Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram ABOUT US Undertone Leadership Newsroom Creative Gallery Terms Of Use Privacy OPT OUT CCPA Notice Data Access Request Sitemap WORK WITH US Careers Locations Contact Ad Take Down Policy SOLUTIONS Display Video & CTV Quick Turnaround Social Influencers & Content Retail Solutions Publisher Solutions Creative Solutions Data, Tech & Measurements SIGN-UP FOR UNDERTONE UPDATES Click Here to Sign-Up This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. If we have detected an opt-out preference signal then it will be honored. Further information is available in our Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Reject All Accept Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our First Party Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.). For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please follow this link. More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Share Or Sale of Personal Data Share Or Sale of Personal Data Under the CPRA, you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Targeting Cookies Switch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies Switch Label label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices