Home Platform Product capabilities Overview Identity Management Data Activation Journey Orchestration Artificial Intelligence Solutions Industries Travel Finance Telco Energy Customers Our customers Customer stories Partners Resources About Overview Newsroom Careers Academy Events Contact Overview Contact us Support Call us: +31 (0)20 303 58 00 Request a demo Privacy Notice WHO ARE WE? WHAT KIND OF DATA DOES OUR WEBSITE COLLECT? CONFIDENTIALITY & SECURITY WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS? RETENTION PERIOD NATIONAL SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY RELAY42 AS DATA PROCESSOR HOW TO REACH US? RELAY42 USERS' PRIVACY POLICY WHO ARE WE? Relay42 Netherlands B.V., Meeuwenlaan 100, 1021JL, Amsterdam, the Netherlands ("Relay42", "our", "we", "us") wants you to understand the way we collect and use your personal information when you interact with us through different channels (our website, participation at events, through our marketing partners). WHAT KIND OF DATA DO WE COLLECT AND FOR WHICH PURPOSES? As a visitor to our website, you provide us with specific types of data, including personal data relating to you and which allows us to identify you directly or in combination with other data. Data collected through our website We process your personal data based on our legitimate interest to improve and evaluate our website and gain insight into its use. We also process data based on your consent when you fill in forms on our website or contact us directly. According to your choice, we may send you marketing communications (newsletters). We process your personal data based on your consent obtained by accepting our external (i.a. social media) cookies to offer you personalized ads via different channels. To see more about our cookies use, check out our cookie notice. Data collected at events We collect data about you when you attend events in which we participate based on our legitimate interest to carry out our business activities (sell our product). Based on the specific agreement with the organizers, we may obtain your contact details. Data collected through our marketing partners We process your data when you show interest in us directly (e.g. fill in a form, download a Relay42 whitepaper),or with one of our partners, based on our legitimate interest to carry out our business activities (sell our product). In case we observe you showed preference towards Relay42, data from all mentioned sources may be used to contact you. Before contacting you, we make an assessment. First, we compare your data with our client benchmark (through automatic means). Secondly, our Marketing team double checks whether the proposed contacts should be indeed contacted. Only when both checks are done, we contact you. CONFIDENTIALITY & SECURITY We will not provide your personal data to any other party, unless this is necessary for the execution of an agreement or if we are legally obliged to do so. Thereby, we take appropriate security measures to limit and prevent misuse of and unauthorized access to your personal data. We ensure that only authorized people have access to your personal data, and that access to your personal data is being limited and controlled. WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS? In case you have provided us with your personal data through different channels, you can send us a request to see, adjust, transfer or delete this personal data. This request can be filed by sending an e-mail to privacy@relay42.com. Under applicable data protection law, you have the following rights: Being informed on which personal data we have and what we are using it for; Inspection of your personal data; Having incorrect data changed; Request to delete personal data; Revoke your consent; Object to certain uses. RETENTION PERIOD Your data will be stored in the European Union. We will not store your personal data longer than necessary in order to achieve the purposes described within this privacy notice provided that we are not legally obliged to do so. In order to do so, we take into account: Did you opt in to receive content from us? In this case, we keep your data as long as needed to provide the content to you. Are we subject to any legal obligations to keep the data? How long it is necessary to keep the data in order to carry out our business? You can prevent the placement of the hereabove described cookies by adjusting your cookie settings NATIONAL SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY Of course we also, gladly, help you if you have any complaints about our processing of your personal data. It's your right to lodge a complaint with the national supervisory authority responsible for the protection of your data. For the Netherlands, our home base, you can contact the Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens. RELAY42 AS DATA PROCESSOR This section applies to the services provided by Relay42 Netherlands B.V. and its entities ("Relay42") to its customers in the role of data processor. This description does not describe how Relay42 collects data via www.relay42.com. Relay42 provides technology services to business customers to improve engagement with their own customers. Relay42 processes information through different technologies (ie. cookies, pixel tags) on behalf of its customers and may receive information from partner third parties. The information received is processed only for the purposes defined by our customer as data controller. As a participating member of the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework (member 631), Relay42 might also collect data on behalf of our customers in a manner compliant with the Policies and Specifications. HOW TO REACH US? If you have any privacy concerns regarding the processing of your personal data by us, feel free to get in touch with our Data Protection Officer at privacy@relay42.com. This privacy notice was last modified on 30th July 2020. RELAY42 USERS' PRIVACY POLICY Relay42 is a channel orchestration platform. It holds the customers' CRM/prospect data, and the users (our customers' employees) can create journeys to target their consumers at the moment that is most relevant. The result could be to trigger a conversion or send a person to a list for activation on Google side. This Privacy Policy applies exclusively to the users of the Relay42 platform, available at the address https://admin.relay42.com/. Relay42 is the data controller for the processing of users' personal data. For the purpose of this Policy, the definition of 'personal information' is information which relates to and can identify a living individual. What information do we collect and how do we protect it? As a user of our services, you provide us with specific types of personal data, which might include your name and last name, and your business email address. We need to process such data in order to grant you access to our platform, and allow you to use our services. As a user you can also choose to login in our platform directly through Google sign-in; in such cases, we will only process your Google user data according to the content of this policy and in line with the principle of data minimization. In addition to the above, we collect usage data from your use of the Relay42 platform in order to improve your experience with our services and to investigate potential bugs/errors you might experience when using our platform. When you work on the Relay42 platform your activities are automatically logged by our systems. In this log we store every change a user does in the system. The access to the log is restricted; the log is available only to specific employees in our organization based on their role, and only on a need basis, which cases might be for example: when an investigation on the log is requested for security/compliance reasons, or if an investigation is necessary in order to back-track why certain errors occur. The legal basis for processing your personal information in the way described above, is that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between Relay42 and your employer. Any data about your Relay42 account is only stored in the Relay42 platform, which is hosted in our Amazon AWS Cloud, located in Ireland. Your data is only processed within the EU, and is not shared with any third parties. We will not store your personal data longer than necessary in order to achieve the purposes described within this privacy notice, unless we are legally obliged to do otherwise. Relay42 is committed to the highest security standards in the industry and is both ISO 27001 and ISAE 3000 Type II certified. This is to certify that Relay42 is following the best practices regarding information and data security policies and have the most efficient processes in place to proactively identify security vulnerabilities and to protect your personal data. Your Privacy Rights As a data subject under GDPR, you have the following rights in relation to your personal data: The right to request access to your personal data; The right to rectify your personal data; The right to request the erasure of your personal data from our systems, unless we have legitimate interest reasons for continuing to process the information; The right to port your personal data (portability right); The right to restrict the processing of your personal data; The right to object to the processing of your personal data. To request access to personal data that we hold about you, or to request the satisfaction of any of the rights listed above, please contact the following address: privacy@relay42.com. Privacy Notice Disclaimer Platform Solutions Customers Partners Resources About Contact © 2023 Relay42 Platform Careers Newsroom Privacy Notice Cookie PreferencesDisclaimer