Manage Cookie Consent We use cookies to optimize our website and our service. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage vendors Read more about these purposes Acept Deny Preferences Save preferences Preferences Cookies policy Privacy Policy {title} HbbTV Solution OTT Solution About us Contact login Español HbbTV Solution OTT Solution About us Contact login Español https://www.konodrac.com/es/politica-privacidad/ Privacy Policy 1. Responsible for the treatment Konodrac SL, owner of the website www.konodrac.com (hereinafter, Konodrac). Registered office: Cwork Barcelona C/ Camp, 79 ,08022 Barcelona. Email: dataprotection@konodrac.com 2. What data do we collect? 2.1 Contact information If you fill out our contact form, we will collect the information you give us, which are limited to: Name Email The purpose of this data collection is that, as a user of our website, you can make us the queries, suggestions or requests that you think are convenient and will not be used for a purpose other than responding to your contact request. 2.2 Data collected during navigation While you browse our website, we carry out the following treatments if you have authorized us to do so.MeasurementDuring your browsing through our portal we use statistical analysis tools such as Google Analitycs, to know the use made of our content and have information to improve them. 2.3 Other data collections - Third-Party cookie Konodrac does not collect data that can directly identify a user (such as his or her last name, first name, e-mail address, telephone number, etc.) and does not structure any sensitive data that may reveal the state of health, racial or ethnic origins, religion or sexual identity. Orientation, political opinions or affiliation with a union. Data collected using SmartTV device. Konodrac collects data through cookies on the TV devices, which each channel incorporates as a 'third-party cookie', which gives access to certain device information, mainly relating to technical identifiers and never to personal data such as names, addresses, telephones , etc. This data is collected only if you accept third-party cookies at the time of subscription to the channel. We will collect information about the Konodrac interactivities you visit and how to use them. By visiting one of our interactivities, data from your TV will be sent to our servers. In this way, we will collect information such as: The date and time of the visit and the time it has remained on our website. The reference TV channel (the site from which the visitor has arrived). The pages visited on our website. Information about the device and the browser (such as, type and version of the TV, operating system, etc.). The data collected by Konodrac can be improved with data from other intermediaries, including our partners. This information is "pseudonymized" so that it can not be directly identified. 3. For what purpose do we treat your data? In Konodrac we treat the information that you provide us for the management of your requests and the sending of communications in case you so authorize us. In the event that the request is transformed into a service request, we will keep your data to respond to the requested activity. If not, we will unsubscribe them and we will not keep personal data related to your request.The data collected in SmartTV devices, related to the installation as a third-party cookie, are used to measure audiences and, in general, are structured as aggregated data so that the different channels know the volumes of viewers of their different programs. The purposes for which these data are collected are: Improvement of our products and services: We will use the information collected (identifiers without information or personal data) to perform analyzes and investigations, including: Science / data analysis, with which we combine information (for example, information that we have obtained through the use of your browsing history) that we maintain in order to: Know better our clients and their preferences. Identify guidelines and trends among our clients. Improve the user experience in our HbbTV service. Provide information, content and offers tailored to the needs of our customers. For general research and statistical purposes. In order to generate joint reports within the Konodrac group. Develop new products and services. Control the performance of our products and services and / or improve our technology. Improve the HbbTV service: the information collected through our HbbTV services, such as through cookies or other tracking technologies, will be used to enable us to evaluate the browsing habits of our HbbTV services, know where improvements can be made and optimize our products and services, as well as to personalize and improve your experience in our HbbTV services. This information will always be treated as aggregate data and never as personal data. Enrichment of our data: when we have obtained your personal information, we will combine it in certain circumstances in order to enrich our understanding of your needs and preferences in relation to our Konodrac products and services. 4. How long will we keep your data? The personal data provided will be kept as long as the business relationship is maintained, its deletion is not requested by you and for a period of two years from the last confirmation of interest.For a longer or shorter period, if the law requires it, if necessary in the course of a judicial proceeding or if it is required for a specific purpose according to the applicable legislation. 5. ¿Cuál es la legitimación para el tratamiento de tus datos? La legitimación para el tratamiento es tu consentimiento inequívoco en las casillas a tal efecto y mediante la aceptación de las condiciones que se realizan en las distintas plataformas (ya sea en nuestra web o en los dispositivos SmartTV). 6. To which other recipients will we send your data? We do not send your information to other companies. Only towards our virtual infrastructure providers in the cloud, where they are stored and protected according to the principles of the regulation and through a Data Protection contract.The data collected in SmartTV is only used as aggregated data, so individual information will never be sent from any of the connected devices. 7. What are your rights? Anyone has the right to obtain confirmation about whether Konodrac is processing personal data concerning them, or not. The interested persons have the right to access their personal data, as well as to request the rectification of inaccurate data or, where appropriate, request its deletion when, among other reasons, the data is no longer necessary for the purposes that were collected. In certain circumstances, interested parties may request the limitation of the processing of their data, in which case we will only keep them for the exercise or defense of claims. In certain circumstances and for reasons related to their particular situation, the interested parties may object to the processing of their data. Konodrac will stop processing the data, except for compelling legitimate reasons, or the exercise or defense of possible claims. You can also request your right of portability, where we will provide your data in electronic format so that you have them according to your interest.To exercise your rights, please get in touch with our data protection officer at the email dataprotection@konodrac.com Ronda del General Mitre, 126, 6a Planta | 08021 Barcelona info@konodrac.com Privacy Policy Cookies policy Applicability Declaration Security policy Manage consent