Skip to content ADMAX Pledge Offer Start Now ! ADMAX Toggle Menu Privacy policy ADMAX is a programmatic platform that helps serve digital ads on websites and / or mobile applications intended to their users. In the course of its business, ADMAX is likely to process your personal data in order to serve you the best-suited ads for your profile and report on those ads to our publisher customers. ADMAX takes very seriously the protection of your personal data, processes and uses your personal data in accordance with the provisions of both the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) and the French law No. 78-17 of January 6, 1978. Data security and storage The data processed by ADMAX is processed within the European Union. Security is at the core of ADMAX concerns which implements the appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure the security and confidentiality of this data and to protect it from any access, modification, disclosure or deletion by unauthorized persons. Access to your personal data is strictly restricted to certain employees of ADMAX specifically appointed for such purposes in connection with their duties, and to technical partners of ADMAX who contribute to the delivery of its services. ADMAX may store the data for a maximum of 13 months following the date of their reception. Shorter durations are also implemented to make sure data is not kept for longer than necessary in a form that identifies a person. Location data may be stored for 3 months, after which only pseudonymized data (without indirect identifiers such as advertising identifiers) may be kept for statistical analysis. Cookies A "cookie" is an IT file intended for the collection of information from your browser. We use cookies or similar technologies to identify browsers or devices across sessions. The lifetime of such advertising cookies does not exceed 12 months. You may access all of the information contained in the files related to the cookies used by ADMAX in compliance with the provisions of French law No. 78-17 of January 6, 1978. You may, if you wish, oppose the use of cookies by ADMAX by selecting the relevant settings of your browser in order to disable them (the help section of the browser used indicates how to do so). Device IDs A "Device ID" is a unique identifier allocated by the operating system of your terminal in order to allow your identification through various applications. You may access all of the information contained in the files related to the device IDs used by ADMAX in compliance with the provisions of law No. 78-17 known as informatique et libertés of January 6, 1978. You may, if you wish, oppose the use of device IDs by ADMAX by following the instructions of the manufacturer of your terminal. As an example, the instructions for Android and iOS are as follows: - for Android: open the Google Settings (or go to "settings" and then "Google") and select the "Advertising" section - for iOS: open the "Settings" and go into the "Privacy" section, then select "Advertising" and activate the "Limit Ad Tracking" function Data we process Personal data is defined by GDPR as "any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person". ADMAX processes solely the following categories of data derived from your browsing, through tags (cookies) and / or equivalent technology which record and provide to ADMAX: Information related to the devices that you use The type of device used (smartphone / tablet / computer / etc.) The operating system (iOS / Android / Windows / BlackBerry etc.) Information about your Internet service provider The browser used (Safari / Chrome / Internet explorer / etc.) The advertising identifier linked to the operating system of your mobile device The IP address The geolocation data Your language settings Information related to the advertisements that are delivered to you The URL and / or subject of the website or mobile application that you browsed as well as query parameters The details of the advertisement that has been delivered to you (identity of the advertiser, type of advertisement, etc.) Your behavior related to this advertisement (time spent on advertisement, your clicks if any, etc.) The browser used (Safari, Chrome, Internet explorer, etc.) Additional targeting information provided by the publishers (First Party data) Information concerning you (age or age range, gender, assumed socio-professional category, assumed interests) linked to your web activity (depending on pages browsed, products viewed, searches made, etc.) In the course of its business, ADMAX does not collect any data that could directly identify you. We don't know who you are, where you live, your work place, your birth date, your email or your phone number. ADMAX uses the indirect identifiers that are allocated to you by ADMAX and / or its partners, in particular the Device ID. These identifiers (that may vary depending on the browsers and mobile application environments that you use) are passed by ADMAX with your consent to advertising partners in order to improve the relevance of the advertisements that are suggested to you. ADMAX does not process any sensitive data (religion, political views, health, sexual orientation, etc.) about you. Information about your location Only after your consent, either on the basis of GDPR or on the basis of the E-Privacy Directive, has been collected through one of our partners, ADMAX receives data about the location of your devices. This data may be kept, refined, qualified and kept only for a limited period of time under an identifying form, after which it is pseudonymized and used for statistical analysis. You can exercise your rights regarding this data by withdrawing your consent directly fromt the publishers with whom we have partnered or by writing to us as indicated in the below paragraph about your rights. Your rights related to the data processed by ADMAX You have, in relation with your personal data processed by ADMAX, the right to: oppose ADMAX's data processing access such data modify or correct it if you wish limit the data processing obtain the data deletion or ask for their portability You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Holder(s) of parental authority for under-age users, or legal representatives for persons subject to a tutelage measure, may also exercise such rights and be the addressees of resulting information. The exercise of such rights shall be carried out by sending a request to ADMAX: Either by email to the following address: privacy@admaxmedia.io Or by postal mail to the following address: ADMAX, 4 rue Jacques Cartier, 75018, Paris As we only process indirectly identifiable data, we will need your personal identifier(s). There are 2 types of identifiers, depending on your terminal: The cookie identifier that identifies you in a web environment Your telephone's identifier in an application environment Prior to making your request, you must therefore retrieve such identifier(s) as follows: In order to retrieve the cookie identifier, you may click on the following link and provide us with the retrieved identifier; In order to retrieve your mobile identifier, the procedure is different on iOS and Android: for iOS: you may download the application "The Identifiers" that will give you access to this identifier on your telephone by following this link: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/the-identifiers/id564618183?mt=8 for Android: you may directly retrieve your identifier in the settings of your telephone by going into the "Advertising" section Any person concerned may also contact ADMAX in order to give it instructions as to what such person wants ADMAX to do with his / her personal data after his / her death (storage, deletion, transfer to a designated third party). GDPR See this page for details on how we comply with GDPR. Amendment of the policy ADMAX reserves the right to amend this policy at any time and without notice, in particular as a result of changes in the legislation in force or in the services offered by ADMAX. We invite you to review this policy on a regular basis on ADMAX website in order to be informed of its possible amendments. For more information about our privacy practices, should you have any question, please contact the ADMAX privacy team at privacy@admaxmedia.io or by postal mail at: ADMAX To the DPO 4 rue Jacques Cartier, 75018 Paris FRANCE. Contact Us Privacy policy Linkedin Twitter Facebook © 2023 ADMAX - All rights reserved Société par actions simplifiée 4 rue Jacques Cartier, 75018 Paris, FRANCE Scroll to top Pledge Offer Start Now !