close WHY BLIINK BRANDS PUBLISHERS TECHNOLOGY ABOUT US WHAT WE DO BRANDS PUBLISHERS TECHNOLOGY ABOUT US Privacy Policy BLIINK is a French AdTech dedicated to in-image advertising, at BLIINK we attaches great importance to the security and protection of personal data and we are very committed to respect for privacy. We are therefore particularly interested in informing you in a transparent way about how we collect and use some of your personal data in our advertising business, which involves a range of intermediation service providers, technical and non-technical, for the recipients that are our partners publishers websites and/or mobile applications. Your personal data will be at any time at the end of your consent processed in accordance with BLIINK's privacy policy, below. What data do we collect from you? Personal data is defined by GDPR as "any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person". BLIINK collects and/or processes solely the following categories of data concerning your browsing, through tags (cookies) and/or equivalent technology, in particular from its partners, which record and provide to BLIINK: Information in relation to the devices that you use The type of device used (smartphone, tablet, computer, etc.) The operating system of your device (iOS, Android, Windows etc.) The browser used (Safari, Chrome, Internet explorer, etc.) The advertising identifier linked to the operating system of your mobile device The IP address of your device The geolocation data of your device Information in connection with the advertisements that are delivered to you The URL and/or content of the website or mobile application that you are browsing and where the advertisement is likely to be delivered to you and, where applicable, has been delivered to you The details of the advertisement(s) that is, and, where applicable, has/have been delivered to you (identity of the advertiser, type of advertisement, etc.) Your behavior in respect of this/these advertisement(s) (time spent on advertisement, your clicks, if any, etc.) The number of occurrences where you received the advertisement(s) delivered by BLIINK How do we use your data? BLIINK collects your data with your consent for the purposes of providing you with relevant and personalized advertising, for products or services that are likely to be of interest to you, in particular depending on your browsing behavior and on the criteria listed above. BLIINK may place personalized advertising on the webpages or applications you browse through that are edited by publishers, based on the data collected with your consent. The data collected is also used for reporting purposes, in order to provide BLIINK customers and/or partners with aggregated and non-personal information in connection with the performance of the advertising campaigns carried out by BLIINK. Who process your data? BLIINK does not transfer your personal data to third parties for processing for the purposes described. However, if necessary, we do transfer your data if there are legal grounds for such processing. On some occasions, we do disclose data to some of our business partners to provide our in-image advertising services: Google Cloud Platform - Google LLP - as provider of the server infrastructure. Smart Ad Server - as provider of the supply side platform services. BLIINK only works with providers that guarantee full compliance with the obligations required under the GDPR, and the contracts we sign for subcontracting data processing comply with the regulatory requirements. The processing carried out by the aforementioned providers is governed by the privacy policies of each provider, which you may access from their websites and/or mobile applications. Where is your data processed ? The data collected and processed by BLIINK is processed within the European Union. Nevertheless, in the event that the relations of BLIINK with its partners would involve cross-border exchanges of personal data outside of the European Union (and in particular in the United States), BLIINK will ensure that such transfers offer a protection level in compliance with European requirements (by entering with its partners into the Standard Contractual Causes adopted by the European Commission, and/or by the adhesion of such partners located in the United States to the Privacy Shield). How long is your data is stored? BLIINK stores your data for a maximum of thirteen (13) months following the date of their collection. Shorter durations are also implemented, to make sure data is not kept for longer than necessary in a form that identifies a person. How do we protect your data? BLIINK undertakes to take all necessary precautions to preserve the security of the data and in particular that they are not communicated to unauthorized persons. The personal data we collect is kept in a secure environment. People working for us are required to respect the confidentiality of your data. We are committed to maintaining a high degree of confidentiality by incorporating the latest technological innovations to ensure the confidentiality of your transactions. However, since no mechanism offers maximum security, there is always a risk involved when using the Internet to transmit personal data. Cookies What is a cookie? A cookie is a small text file stored on a user´s device (computer, mobile or tablet) for registration purposes. When it is linked to the browser and disappears when it closes, it is called "cookie session or browser cookie". When it allows to record and identify the users´ interests and to enhance their advertising experience, then it is called "advertising cookie". Those last ones, are stored for a longer period of time. You can remove them using the "Help" section in your browser. What type of cookies does this website use? To manage our Website, we use Google Analytics analysis cookies, which allows us to quantify the number of visitors to our Website and measure and statistically analyse the use our users make of the service we provide. To do this, your browsing of our Website is analysed so we can improve the range of products and services we offer. The table below summarises the cookies used and the periods for which the information collected is held: Name Purpose Duration _ga Google Analytics 1 year _gat Google Analytics session _gid Google Analytics session What type of cookies does our advertising technology use ? text Name Purpose Duration bliink Randomly generated unique identifier of the browser 13 months In addition to the above, on some occasions we do disclose data to some of our business partners to provide our in-image advertising services: Name Purpose Duration Cloud Platform - Google LLC Server infrastructure More info Smart Ad Server Supply Side Platform More info Cookies management When consulting the BLIINK website or the websites and/or mobile applications of its advertising partners, an information banner on these sites informs you of the deposit of advertising cookies and asks you to consent to them. However, if you want BLIINK to no longer drop an advertising cookie on the browser you are currently using, you can disable them here. This will prevent BLIINK from collecting anonymous data but will not interrupt the ad serving. BLIINK ads personalization is enabled on your browser Device IDs What is a device ID ? A "Device ID" is a unique identifier allocated by the operating system of your terminal in order to allow your identification through various applications. Device IDs management You may, if you wish, oppose the use of device IDs by BLIINK by following the instructions of the manufacturer of your terminal. This will prevent BLIINK from collecting anonymous data but will not interrupt the ad serving. As an example, the instructions for Android and iOS are as follows: Android: open the Google Settings (or go to "settings" and then "Google") and select the "Advertising" section iOS: open the "Settings" and go into the "Privacy" section, then select "Advertising" and activate the "Limit Ad Tracking" function Right of access, rectification and opposition accordance with the European regulations in force, you have have the following rights: Right of access and rectification, updating, completeness of their data, right to block or erase their personal data, when they are inaccurate, incomplete, equivocal, out of date, or whose collection, use, communication or conservation is prohibited Right to withdraw consent at any time Right to limit the processing of their data Right to oppose the processing of their data Right to the portability of the data that the Users will have provided, when this data is the subject of automated processing based on their consent or on a contract (article 20 RGPD) Any person concerned may also contact BLIINK in order to give it instructions as to what such person wants BLIINK to do with his/her personal data after his/her death (storage, deletion, transfer to a designated third party). Amendment of the policy BLIINK reserves the right to amend this Policy at any time and without notice, in particular as a result of changes in the legislation in force or in the services offered by BLIINK. We invite you to review this Policy on a regular basis on the website of BLIINK, in order to be informed of its possible amendments. Should you have any question, you can contact us by mail at contact@bliink.io what we do brands publishers technology about us privacy policy We connect powerful images related to your brand. Using image recognition technology, we deliver targeted ad-placements on top of relevant editorial pictures.© BLIINK 2018