Website Privacy Notice Software Privacy Notice Software License and Service Agreement Software Privacy Notice Last updated: 10th March 2022 NumberEight is a data processor. This means we only process data as instructed by our clients, who are the data controllers. We have made this privacy notice available as a courtesy to our clients and their users to provide helpful information about our data practices. Scope Our software development kit (the "SDK") processes information relating to users of mobile applications. In this notice, we refer to users as "Users", and mobile applications as "Apps" or just "App", which run on a "Device", such as an iPhone, and NumberEight's server and cloud infrastructure as "Servers". For the purposes of this notice, the Apps belong to a client (the "Client"), who is a company or individual using our SDK and is typically the data controller. This privacy notice applies to all information processed through our SDK, and information processed as a result of any additional services agreed between us and the Client (we refer to these services collectively as the "Service"). Affiliations NumberEight participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. NumberEight's identification number within the framework is 882. Information we collect We process sensor information from Users' Devices and, if required by the Client, location information. How we use collected information We use collected information for anonymised reports, and to personalise content and/or advertisements inside Apps. How information is shared We only share Users' information to comply with laws or to fulfill business obligations. How long we keep information Information is discarded when no longer needed: at most 6 months unless it is required for security. How we keep information safe We process information only on Users' Devices where possible, and aim to suitably anonymise or pseudonymise any data sent to our Servers. Do we collect information from minors? No. User privacy rights Users may review, change, or terminate the use of their data by contacting the data controller. Specific rights for California residents If the User is a resident of California, they are granted specific rights regarding access to their personal information. Updates to this notice We may update this privacy notice from time to time. Contact information If you have questions or comments about this notice, email us at privacy@numbereight.ai. © NumberEight 2023 Privacy Policy