Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Start News Impressum DEU Deutsch English Français Deutsche Version Effective: May 2022 AMNET GmbH as operator of this platform take your privacy very serious. Our tracking platform meets all requirements of applicable law like GDPR in the sufficient way. In case of transparency we implemented some algorithms and tools into the platform, with which you can monitor, delete or edit the data which is stored about you completely. This privacy policy can be complemented by function-specific passages for example at the publisher registration form. 1. An overview of data protection General The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below. Data collection on our website Who is responsible for the data collection on this website? The data collected on this website are processed by the website operator. The operator's contact details can be found in the website's required legal notice. How do we collect your data? Some data are collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form. Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit the website. These data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the page. These data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website. What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site. What rights do you have regarding your data? You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. Analytics and third-party tools When visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behavior. This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of your surfing behavior is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Details can be found in our privacy policy under the heading "Third-party modules and analytics." You can object to this analysis. We will inform you below about how to exercise your options in this regard. 2. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy. If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens. Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible. Revocation of your consent to the processing of your data Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed. Right to file complaints with regulatory authorities If there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. The competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the German state in which our company is headquartered. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html. Right to data portability You have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible. SSL or TLS encryption This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's address bar. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties. Information, blocking, deletion As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data. 3. Data protection officer Statutory data protection officer Email: datenschutz_germany@dentsu.com 4. Data collection on our website Cookies Some of our web pages use cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies." They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device's memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site. You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website. Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy. Server log files The website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files". These are: Browser type and browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Host name of the accessing computer Time of the server request These data will not be combined with data from other sources. We are not storing IP-Adresses - neither hashed nor in plain text. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract. Contact form Should you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without your permission. We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) DSGVO. You may revoke your consent at any time. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed. We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision. Processing of data (customer and contract data) We collect, process, and use personal data only insofar as it is necessary to establish, or modify legal relationships with us (master data). This is done based on Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract. We collect, process and use your personal data when accessing our website (usage data) only to the extent required to enable you to access our service or to bill you for the same. Collected customer data shall be deleted after completion of the order or termination of the business relationship. Legal retention periods remain unaffected. Data transferred when signing up for services and digital content We transmit personally identifiable data to third parties only to the extent required to fulfill the terms of your contract with us, for example, to banks entrusted to process your payments. Your data will not be transmitted for any other purpose unless you have given your express permission to do so. Your data will not be disclosed to third parties for advertising purposes without your express consent. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract. 5. Our advertising technology As a technology for publishers and advertisers the main goal of this advertising technology is serving of tracking methods to measure advertising goals and invoice provisions of affiliate partnerships. In case of an integration of our technology a cookie is set when a touchpoint to our system is made by the browser. A touchpoint means the view, click or order of a user or, in case of the use of our onsite measurement technology, a user's visit of a website on which our tracking technology is implemented. When an order is made by a user, our system reads this cookie to save these touchpoints connected to the order. We do not save any personal data in our system - all data is collected anonymously. For data/cookie storage we use the domain mediaintelligence.de. In detail, the following cookies are set through our technology: TRS: Unique, 24 digits Identifier (ID) to track partnerships and the customer journey of a user. This cookie is stored at the client-browser and identificates database records of touchpoints, which are stored in the dedicated databases of our customers. TRSCJ: Fallback cookie with elementary touchpoint data to track partnerships if the TRS cookie is not available or the database backend is not accessible. This cookie is stored at the client-browser and contains encrypted touchpoint data. Opt-Out: In case you want to opt out please visit https://mediaintelligence.de/privacy-optout.do © 2013 - 2023 by EASY-M.de AGB Kontakt Opt-Out Datenauskunft Datenschutz Impressum