Download Our New Whitepaper "Creative Performance with DFO and AI" → READ MORE For Buyers For Sellers Product Overview Global Smart Exchange Contextual Curation Engine Advertising Formats Yieldmo Deals Privacy-First Marketplace Video & CTV Dynamic Format Optimization Insights Blog Case Study Press Events Contextual Reimagined Whitepaper Creative Performance with DFO and AI Whitepaper Instructional Guides Company Leadership Careers Contact Us Menu For Buyers For Sellers Product Overview Global Smart Exchange Contextual Curation Engine Advertising Formats Yieldmo Deals Privacy-First Marketplace Video & CTV Dynamic Format Optimization Insights Blog Case Study Press Events Contextual Reimagined Whitepaper Creative Performance with DFO and AI Whitepaper Instructional Guides Company Leadership Careers Contact Us PRIVACY-FIRST MARKETPLACE Non-addressable, privacy-friendly inventory. For buyers who are frustrated at the ever-shrinking amount of addressable inventory and sellers that want to capture the value of their non-addressable inventory, the Yieldmo Privacy-First Marketplace delivers technologically-enhanced non-addressable inventory that purposefully does not rely on traditional user-level targeting. Find out how you can deliver superior results for your campaigns using Yieldmo's Advanced Contextual signals. We analyze the impression, not the audience, delivering results with no cookies required. PRIVACY-SAFE DATA Yieldmo's SmartCuration Engine analyzes dozens of privacy-compliant signals collected on billions of impressions and analyzed for quality and results. We capture contextual, situational, environmental, and attention signals and optimize in real time Our data focuses on the ad inventory, not the audience, so it's privacy compliant We don't rely on cookies to capture data so, we can help you find valuable impressions you may be missing with your audience strategy FUTURE-PROOF YOUR BUYING STRATEGY We've created deals to optimize your campaigns across non-addressable inventory. Yieldmo's curated high-performance, privacy-first inventory does not rely on traditional user-level targeting. Additionally, our proprietary tech lifts KPIs and elevates the user experience with a typically lower than average cost. Turn the constraints of non-addressable inventory into opportunity. Test our cookieless deals and customize them to your campaign goals. • Always-on deals that you can use over and over or highly customized deals that are curated specifically for the goals of a single campaign • Leverages Yieldmo's proprietary curation technology to deliver high-performance, privacy-first inventory • Use standard, DSP-hosted ad units - no separate workflow needed, available across all pipes and formats Access these deals directly in your DSP deal library. BROWSE DEALS See what Yieldmo can do for your business. LEARN MORE - For Buyers - For Sellers Products Overview - Products Overview - Global Smart Exchange - Contextual Curation Engine - Advertising Formats - Yieldmo Deals - Privacy-First Marketplace - Video/CTV Company - Leadership - Careers - Contact Us Insights - Blog - Case Study - Press - Events - Contextual Whitepaper - Instructional Guides Contact Us info@yieldmo.com careers@yieldmo.com (646) 845 0800 Copyright © 2022 Yieldmo | Privacy Policy | Yieldmo's Ad Policy | Opt Out | Publisher Guidelines | Do Not Sell My Personal Information | Processor List | DPA Controller to Controller | Retargeting Service Addendum | Developed by Yellow Lion Media Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data You have the right to opt-out of data opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information. To help us promote our business products and services online we may disclose personal information to providers of targeted advertising and related analytics services. When you visit our website these providers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect data about your browsing activities. Use this tool to opt-out of us selling or sharing data associated with this browser. You may also broadcast an Opt-Out Preference Signal to proactively opt-out. Privacy Policy Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Always Active These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Share Or Sale of Personal Data Share Or Sale of Personal Data Under the CPRA, you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Performance Cookies Switch Label label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Switch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices