ELECTRONIC ARTS SOFTWARE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT This End User License Agreement ("License") is an agreement between you and Electronic Arts Inc. ("EA"). This License governs your use of this software and all related documentation, and updates and upgrades that replace or supplement the software and are not distributed with a separate license (collectively, the "Software"). By installing or using the Software, you consent to be bound by this License. If you do not agree to the terms of this License, then do not install or use the Software. Section 3 below describes the data EA may use to provide services and support to you in connection with the Software. If you do not agree to this use of data, do not install or use the Software. IF YOU INSTALL the Software, the terms and conditions of this License are fully accepted by you. 1. License Grant and Terms of Use. A. Grant. Through this purchase, you are acquiring and EA grants you a personal, non-exclusive license to install and use the Software for your personal, non-commercial use solely as set forth in this License and the accompanying documentation. Your acquired rights are subject to your compliance with this Agreement. Any commercial use is prohibited. You are expressly prohibited from sub-licensing, renting, leasing or otherwise distributing the Software or rights to use the Software, except by transfer as expressly set forth in paragraph 2 below. The term of your License shall commence on the date that install or otherwise use the Software, and shall end on the earlier of the date that you dispose of the Software; or EA's termination of this License. B. Copies. Our Software uses access control and copy protection technology. If you purchase rights to the Software using a digital distribution method (i.e. you download your Software from an authorized site), you may download the number of copies allowed by the Software's digital rights management from an authorized source in the time period(s) specified at the time of purchase. You may use only one copy of the Software at any given time. You are prohibited from making a copy of the Software available on a network where it could be used by multiple users. You are prohibited from making the Software available over a network where it could be downloaded by multiple users. For more information concerning the digital rights management that applies to this Software, please review the purchase or other terms accompanying the distribution of the Software. Your license will terminate immediately if you attempt to circumvent digital rights management for the Software. C. Reservation of Rights and Restrictions. You have purchased a license to the Software and your rights are subject to this Agreement. Except as expressly licensed to you herein, EA reserves all right, title and interest in the Software (including all characters, storyline, images, photographs, animations, video, music, text), and all associated copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights therein. This License is limited to the intellectual property rights of EA and its licensors in the Software and does not include any rights to other patents or intellectual property. Except to the extent permitted under applicable law, you may not decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer the Software by any means whatsoever. You may not remove, alter, or obscure any product identification, copyright, or other intellectual property notices in the software. 2. Transfer. You may make a one time permanent transfer to all your rights to install and use the Software to another individual or legal entity provided that: (a) the digital rights management used by your Software supports such transfers; (b) you also transfer this License and all copies of the Software; (b) you retain no copies of the Software, upgrades, updates or prior versions; and (c) the receiving party accepts the terms and conditions of this License. EA may require that any end user of the Software register the Software online as a condition of use. You may not be able to transfer the right to receive updates, dynamically served content, or the right to use any online service of EA in connection with the Software. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, YOU MAY NOT TRANSFER PRE-RELEASE COPIES OF THE SOFTWARE. 3. Consent to Use of Data. To facilitate the provision of software updates, any dynamically served content, product support and other services to you, including online play, you agree that EA and its affiliates may collect, use, store and transmit technical and related information that identifies your computer (including an Internet Protocol Address), operating system and application software and peripheral hardware. EA and its affiliates may also use this information in the aggregate, in a form which does not personally identify you, to improve our products and services and we may share anonymous aggregate data with our third party service providers. 4. Consent to Public Display of Data. If you participate in online services, such as multiplayer games, EA and its affiliates may also collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display statistical data regarding game play (including scores, rankings and achievements), or identify content that is created and shared by you with other players. Data that personally identifies you is collected, used, stored and transmitted in accordance with EA's Privacy Policy located at [www.ea.com]. 5. Termination. This License is effective until terminated. Your rights under this License will terminate immediately and automatically without any notice from EA if you fail to comply with any of the terms and conditions of this License. Promptly upon termination, you must cease all use of the Software and destroy all copies of the Software in your possession or control. Termination will not limit any of EA's other rights or remedies at law or in equity. Sections 5 -10 of this License shall survive termination or expiration of this License for any reason. 6. Limited Warranty on Recording Media. The LIMITED WARRANTY ON RECORDING MEDIA THAT ACCOMPANIES YOUR SOFTWARE IS FOUND IN THE PRODUCT MANUAL THAT WAS DISTRIBUTED WITH YOUR SOFTWARE AND IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. THIS LIMITED WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS UNDER APPLICABLE LOCAL LAW, WHICH VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION. 7. Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY ON RECORDING MEDIA FOUND IN THE PRODUCT MANUAL, AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS," WITH ALL FAULTS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND YOUR USE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE ENTIRE RISK OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE RESIDES WITH YOU. EA AND EA'S LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY "EA" FOR PURPOSES OF THIS SECTION AND SECTION 8) DO NOT MAKE, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM, ANY AND ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND WARRANTIES (IF ANY) ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE. EA DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE SOFTWARE; THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE SOFWARE WILL BE COMPATIBLE WITH THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE OR THAT ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN ADVICE PROVIDED BY EA OR ANY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF OR LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATIONS ON THE APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 8. Limitation of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL EA BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY PERSONAL INJURY, PROPERTY DAMAGE, LOST PROFITS, COST OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR ANY FORM OF INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES FROM ANY CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS LICENSE OR THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER ARISING IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT EA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATIONS OR CERTAIN INTENTIONAL OR NEGLIGENT ACTS, OR VIOLATION OF SPECIFIC STATUTES, OR THE LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. In no event shall EA's total liability to you for all damages (except as required by applicable law) exceed the amount actually paid by you for the Software. 9. Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer of Warranties are Material Terms of this License. You agree that the provisions in this License that limit liability are essential terms of this License. The foregoing limitations of liability apply even if the above stated remedy under the Limited Warranty for Recording Media fails in its essential purpose. 10. Severability and Survival. If any provision of this License is illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, the remainder of the provision shall be amended to achieve as closely as possible the effect of the original term and all other provisions of this License shall continue in full force and effect. 11. U.S. Government Restricted Rights. If you are a government end user, then this provision applies to you. The Software provided in connection with this License has been developed entirely at private expense, as defined in FAR section 2.101, DFARS section 252.227-7014(a)(1) and DFARS section 252.227-7015 (or any equivalent or subsequent agency regulation thereof), and is provided as "commercial items," "commercial computer software" and/or "commercial computer software documentation." Consistent with DFARS section 227.7202 and FAR section 12.212, and to the extent required under U.S. federal law, the minimum restricted rights as set forth in FAR section 52.227-19 (or any equivalent or subsequent agency regulation thereof), any use, modification, reproduction, release, performance, display, disclosure or distribution thereof by or for the U.S. Government shall be governed solely by this License and shall be prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by this License. 12. Injunctive Relief. You agree that a breach of this License may cause irreparable injury to EA for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and EA shall be entitled to seek equitable relief in addition to any remedies it may have hereunder or at law. 13. Governing Law. This License shall be governed by and construed (without regard to conflicts or choice of law principles) under the laws of the State of California as applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely in California between California residents. Unless expressly waived by EA in writing for the particular instance or contrary to local law, the sole and exclusive jurisdiction and venue for actions related to the subject matter hereof shall be the California state and federal courts having within their jurisdiction the location of EA's principal corporate place of business. Both parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts and agree that process may be served in the manner provided herein for giving of notices or otherwise as allowed by California or federal law. The parties agree that the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (Vienna, 1980) shall not apply to this License or to any dispute or transaction arising out of this License. 14. Export. You agree to abide by U.S. and other applicable export control laws and agree not to transfer the Software to a foreign national, or national destination, which is prohibited by such laws, without first obtaining, and then complying with, any requisite government authorization. You certify that you are not a person with whom EA is prohibited from transacting business under applicable law. 15. Entire Agreement. This License constitutes the entire agreement between you and EA with respect to the Software and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter. No amendment to or modification of this License will be binding unless made in writing and signed by EA. No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of either party, any right or any power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or power hereunder preclude further exercise of any other right hereunder. In the event of a conflict between this License and any applicable purchase or other terms, the terms of this License shall govern. Contents Complete Controls Memorize the following commands and lead your armies to victory! Click the hotkeys tab on the Settings menu to customize your controls. GENERAL GAMEpLAy GENERAL CONTROLS Scroll camera Rapid scroll Rotate camera left/right COMpLETE CONTROLS ............................................................... 1 OUT OF TIME............................................................................ 3 FACTIONS ................................................................................ 3 pLAyING THE GAME ................................................................. 5 GAMEpLAy BASICS .................................................................. 7 CO-COMMANDERS ................................................................... 10 SkIRMISH .............................................................................. 12 MULTIpLAyER ......................................................................... 12 UNITS .................................................................................... 13 CREDITS ................................................................................ 25 pERFORMANCE TIpS .............................................................. 27 TECHNICAL SUppORT ............................................................. 28 LIMITED 90-DAy WARRANTy .................................................. 29 InstallIng the game Note: For system requirements, see the readme file. To install (disc users): Insert the disc into your disc drive and follow the on-screen instructions. To install (EA Store users): Note: If you'd like more information about purchasing direct downloads from EA, visit www.eastore.ea.com and click MORE ABOUT DIRECT DOWNLOADS. Once the game has been downloaded by EA Download Manager, click the install icon that appears and follow the on-screen instructions. Note: If you've already purchased a title and would like to install it on another PC, first download and install the EA Download Manager on the other PC, then launch the application and log in with your EA account. Select the appropriate title from the list that appears and click the start button to download the game. To install (third party online users): Please contact the digital retailer through whom you purchased this game for instructions on how to install the game or how to download and reinstall another copy. startIng the game To start the game: Games on Windows Vista™ are located in the Start > Games menu and on earlier versions of Windows™ in the Start > Programs (or All Programs) menu. (EA Store users must have the EA Download Manager running.) Note: In Windows Vista Classic Start menu style, games are located in the Start > Programs > Games > Games Explorer menu. This product has been rated by the Entertainment Software Rating Board. For information about the ESRB rating please visit www.esrb.org. Zoom camera in/out Reset camera View Home base Create Control Group Jump to Control Group pause/Mission menu View last event Waypoint mode Sell mode Repair mode production Structure tab Support Structure tab Infantry tab Vehicle tab Aircraft tab Navy tab Cycle Unit Subgroup Cycle previous Unit Subgroup planning mode SELECTION COMMANDS Select unit/structure/open menu Select entire army Select unit type on-screen Select unit type on battlefield Add individual units to selection Jump to next Support Unit Deselect individual unit Arrow keys Right-click and drag Keypad 4/6, or drag by clicking and holding mouse wheel Keypad 8/2, or use mouse scroll wheel Keypad 5, or double-click mouse wheel CTRL + number key Double-tap number key ESC SpACE ALT TAB SHIFT + TAB CTRL-Z Left click on a single unit, or click and drag a box around a group of units. W, or double-click on the unit Double-tap W SHIFT-click SHIFT-click on the battlefield, or right-click in the selection window. Right-click on destination A, right-click on destination D, right click Click left and right mouse button, and drag to place formation CTRL-click ALT-A ALT-S ALT-D ALT-G Select a structure and right-click CTRL-J, k, L, ; J, k, L, ; END SHIFT-S SHIFT-L F12 UNIT COMMANDS Move units Attack move Reverse move Formation move Crush move Force attack Scatter Use unit special ability Stop units Aggressive stance Guard stance Hold Ground stance Hold Fire stance MISCELLANEOUS COMMANDS Set rally point Set camera bookmark Cycle camera bookmarks Toggle HUD Open Save menu Open Load menu Screenshot MULTIpLAyER COMMANDS Beacon mode Fast forward replay Voice chat Toggle voice chat Quick Chat commands Chat with allies Chat with everyone Erase Telestrator Drawings Select Telestrator line width Select next Telestrator color Select prior Telestrator color CTRL-V BACkSpACE ENTER DELETE INSERT pGUp pGDN out of tIme The mighty Soviet juggernaut has fallen. As Allied forces roll on the Kremlin, General Krukov and Colonel Cherdenko desperately turn to an untested secret weapon: the Soviet Time Machine. In one ruthless moment, they rewrite history to put the Allies on the brink of defeat, under Premier Cherdenko's leadership. But the costly suppression of Western powers has allowed the Empire of the Rising Sun to expand unchecked, and the divine Emperor Yoshiro has chosen this moment to attack. As his imperial armies threaten to wipe both Allied and Soviet forces off the map, Krukov and Cherdenko begin to question the wisdom of their actions... faCtIons ALLIES A coalition of Western countries, bound together in defense of the free people of the world, the Allies have spent years fighting Soviet aggression, often prevailing through sheer determination. GeNeral JohN BiNGham Played by Jonathan Pryce PresideNt howard t. ackermaN Played by J.K. Simmons taNya Played by Jenny McCarthy The Supreme Commander of Allied forces in Europe, Bingham is a stiff upper-lipped Englishman. He'd rather be tending his dogs and rose garden, if his entire way of life wasn't under dire threat. Rational and dryly witty to the end. An Iowa farmboy who rose to political power on a hard-charging-and vitriolic-anti-communist platform. Ackerman believes in America, Mom, and apple pie (in that order), and steamrolls any dissent to his far-right agenda. One of the Allies' finest commandos, Tanya is sassy, brassy, and thoroughly deadly. If it looks like a suicide mission, the Allies send her. Tanya's presence virtually assures success ... with maximum collateral damage. eva Played by Gemma Atkinson The Allies' lovely but buttoned-down intelligence officer. Eva is Bingham's lifeline, communicating vital information to and from his commanders. SOVIETS A totalitarian regime whose scheming leaders constantly push a self-righteous agenda focused on achieving a global communistic state, primarily by fielding overwhelming armies of conscripts and poorly-trained grunts. Premier cherdeNko Played by Tim Curry GeNeral krukov Played by Andrew Divoff dr. ZeliNsky Played by Peter Stormare A dashing and ambitious soldier, and a true believer in the Soviet agenda. Once a Colonel serving under General Krukov, altering the timelines accidentally transformed him into the Soviet Premiere ... a role he's quite willing to accept. Temperamental and ruthless, Krukov capped a brilliant military carrier when he saved the USSR by erasing Einstein from history. Returning to find his subordinate Chardenko crowned Premiere was an unexpected-and unwelcome-side effect. The brilliant, though politically naïve Soviet scientist who developed time travel technology. Altering the past has come with severe personal and emotional costs to Zelinsky, putting his loyalties in doubt. playIng the game A light workout for novices. The standard mode for most players. Extra pain and hardship for players who want to be tested. The enemy makes no mistakes, shows no fear, and has better resources. You are a new commander pressed into service at this critical juncture. It's up to you to manage resources, create and equip your armies, and carry out the objectives your superiors pass down. DIFFICULTy LEVELS Easy Medium Hard Brutal (Skirmish and Online only) tutorial Get up to speed on every facet of the game, from basics to advanced controls in a thorough training session. camPaiGN Select the faction you want to fight for, and start the long, bloody march to victory! The Soviet campaign is recommended as a starting point. Game screeN Natasha Played by Gina Carano The Soviet Union's top agent of destruction. Natasha takes great pride in her ability to kill anything crossing her path, and always approaches that task with ruthless efficiency. Co-Commander monitor/orders dasha Played by Ivana Milicevic Beautiful and cold, Dasha is the communications and intelligence hub for all Soviet field operations. Energy production/ consumption Resources/Credits Mini-map EMpIRE OF THE RISING SUN An ancient land of strict tradition and futuristic technologies, their beloved Emperor Yoshiro has decided it is now time to teach the world a few lessons in civility ... through superior firepower. emPeror yoshiro Played by George Takei His Imperial Majesty is the latest in a long line of divine rulers, believed to have descended from the Gods themselves. Calm and wise, Yoshiro is merely following his destiny to civilize the world through the code of Bushido. GeNeral tatsu Played by Ron Yuan Yoshiro's Western-educated son is far more impatient and scientific than his father. Tatsu's brilliant mind led to a modernized Japanese military unmatched by any in the world. suki Played by Kelly Hu A light and playful girl, it is Suki's honor to communicate mission information on behalf of the Empire. Unit/Structure Build tabs Command Point number Threat meter Top Secret Protocols menu Waypoint marker Selected unit/ secondary ability BATTLE WINDOW Build and place structures, order your units to move and attack, use special powers, and much more. The Battle Window displays only part of the overall map at any time. Note: During Campaign missions, waypoint markers always appear on-screen to guide you toward objectives. Use your Arrow keys to scroll the Battle Window. THE FOG OF WAR Each unit has a certain range of vision, so what you see in the Battle Window is the sum of all that your units can see. Areas beyond this range are covered by a mist that hides enemy units and structures, revealing only terrain and civilian buildings. The Fog of War is only removed when your units return to the area. RADAR MINI-MAp In the upper right corner of the screen is the mini-map. It often reveals enemy troop movements before you spot them in the Battle Window, but some enemies can disable your radar and move unseen. Current range of the battle window Unexplored terrain Your unit or structure Enemy unit or structure MISSION OBJECTIVES (CAMpAIGN ONLy) Press the ESC key to open the Mission menu and review your objectives. You must complete all of your primary objectives in order to complete a mission. Keep in mind your objectives may change during the course of battle. Completing bonus objectives is optional, but grants you additional resources or other rewards. Note: When all primary objectives are completed, the mission automatically ends in victory. If you plan on completing bonus objectives, do so before completing the final primary objective. SAVING AND LOADING Command & ConquerTM Red AlertTM 3 uses an autosave feature to automatically save game progress and settings, overwriting saved games without confirmation. You can also save single-player and online co-op games manually. To load a previously saved game or Skirmish, press SHIFT-L, then select the game save you wish to continue. You can also load games from the main menu. gameplay BasICs Success depends on building a strong support base, managing your resources smartly, and deploying your forces tactically to overcome all opposition. BUILDING STRUCTURES You'll need various structures to mine ore, train soldiers, build vehicles, and more. It is not uncommon to start a mission with only a bare Construction Yard. Start building the rest of your base immediately. To build a structure, select your Construction Yard, then select the icon of the structure you wish to build from the build menus on the right side of your screen. A shaded timer appears over the icon; as the time decreases, the credits necessary for building your structure are withdrawn. When the timer is complete, the icon flashes and the structure is ready to be placed. Note: If an icon appears grayed out, it is either because you do not have sufficient resources to purchase it or you have not acquired the right technologies. By contrast, Soviets place structures which then build from the ground up. Empire of the Rising Sun deploys Nanocore structures, which unpack using their secondary ability. Note: If you run out of credits during construction, construction is put on hold until your credits replenish. When your credits are replenished, construction automatically resumes. TRAINING UNITS When you build structures such as Barracks or a War Factory, you can use them to train fighting units. Note: Before you can build units, you must first build a Boot Camp (Allies), Barracks (Soviets), or Instant Dojo (Empire). To train units, you can either select the appropriate structure or go straight to the build menu; the available units will be displayed as icons. Select the icon of the unit you wish to train. A shaded timer indicates how long it takes to build the unit. Note: To start a production queue, select the icon of the units you wish to build by repeatedly clicking the icon. A number appears on the icon telling you how many units you have ordered. When the unit is ready, it exits the structure and reports for duty. pOWERING yOUR BASE Your base requires power to function properly. As you add more structures to your base, you'll need additional power. Bases without enough power see their defenses cease to function, while combat unit training and production slow to a crawl. Your Construction Yard generates some power, but you must construct Power Plants (Reactors for Soviets; Instant Generators for Empire) to generate more. When a Power Plant is constructed, the Power Meter increases. To determine how much power you have at your disposal and how much you are presently using, check the Power Meter. Note: The Soviet super-reactor has an incredible power output and unlocks a new technology tier, but if it's destroyed, the explosion will likely take out all units and structures in the vicinity. RESOURCES Building units and structures and researching upgrades all cost you credits. When you select an item or action that requires credits, the funds are deducted from your account until the full amount has been paid You begin a typical match with enough credits to spend on building basic units and structures. To finish the fight, you must acquire more credits. If you chose to perform a task that requires credits, but run out of credits, that task is put on hold until you earn more. To acquire more credits, locate an Ore Mine and build an Ore Refinery in its vicinity. Refineries come with a Collector vehicle that automatically seeks out and recovers ore, which is converted into credits. The closer your Refinery is to your Ore Mine, the faster you gather resources. A green highlighted area indicates the optimum placement location. UpGRADING TECHNOLOGy Many units can be upgraded with various technologies, including advanced weapons and abilities. Higher tech tiers unlock more powerful units, but each faction techs in a different way. ALLIES Allies upgrade everything in a given Construction Yard or Command Hub at once, while purchasing a Defense Bureau boosts all your base's defenses. Purchase the "Heightened Clearance" upgrade from your Construction Yard or Command Hub, and all unit-creating structures inside its build radius (and the units they produce) will be upgraded. Then purchase the maximum Clearances to access the strongest weapons. Don't forget your expansion bases ... upping your tech on your main Construction Yard won't help your structures across the map. SOVIET Leave it to Russian pragmatism to choose the most straightforward path. All the Soviets have to do to start upgrading is build the structures that produce newer and better technologies. Adding a Super Reactor to the mix not only supplies more power than standard reactors, it unlocks your second tech tier. From there, you can build a Battle Lab to open your highest tier units. EMpIRE OF THE RISING SUN Somewhere between Allied and Soviet methods, the Empire techs up on a structure-by-structure basis. Unit-producing structures are individually upgraded after their structure-specific upgrades are researched. That makes up-teching a startup army cheaper, but demands a little more forethought when choosing which forces to buff. And accessing the top-tier upgrades means first building a Nanotech Mainframe, which doesn't come cheap. SpECIAL ABILITIES AND CONTEXTUAL ATTACkS All of the troops and vehicles under your command have special unit-specific moves that range from alternate weapons, hitting enemies with a debilitating effect, or even transforming into an entirely different unit. Units generally have a primary ability and a special ability that is either targeted against enemies, an instant effect once activated, or the ability to toggle between primary and special abilities. Most special abilities do not cost resources per use (although some do), but all require a cool-down period before they can be used again. F, or simply click the special ability icon in your To use a unit's special ability, select that unit and press unit window in the lower right of the Battle Window. A few units can also automatically change their method of attack according to the situation, or based the type of enemy they're facing. Contextual Attacks are signaled when a normal attack cursor changes into a different symbol. Note: Play the tutorial to familiarize yourself on Special Abilities and Contextual Attacks. REpAIRS After your structures take a pounding from the enemy, it's time to get them back in top working order. Repairs do cost, but not nearly as much as the bill to replace a destroyed structure. To repair a structure, select it and press C. CONTROLLING yOUR FORCES A good commander knows when to order troops to charge in, when to hold ground and when to make a strategic retreat. A great commander can issue those orders with speed and clarity. BASIC MOVEMENT CONTROLS Movement Select the unit(s) you want to move. Then scroll your cursor in the Battle Window to where you want them to go and right-click it. Select your unit(s), then place your cursor over the enemy unit you want to attack. You'll see the cursor change to a target icon. Right click the target. To set a rally point for all units produced at a specific structure, select that structure, then right-click the location on the battlefield where you want the units to rally. Note: Once you have set a rally point, your newly-trained units will exit their Barracks and proceed directly to the rally point. Rally Points Attack Hold Fire Hold Ground Guard (default) STANCES Setting your units' stance determines their rules of engagement. To change stances, select the unit or group and enter the appropriate key-command. Aggressive ALT-A. Your units approach, attack, and pursue any enemy units or structures that enter their line of sight. ALT-S. Your units approach and attack enemies that enter their line of sight. When the enemies are destroyed or retreat, your units return to their original positions. ALT-D. Your units remain stationary, but fire on any enemies that come within range. Useful for defensive strategies or artillery units. ALT-G. Units in this stance do not return fire or pursue enemy forces. Useful for stealthed units. UNIT VETERANCy As your units attack enemy units and buildings, they gain experience. When a unit accumulates enough experience, it gets promoted to a new veterancy level. A special icon in the Battle Window denotes veteran units. Veteran units have improved performance capabilities. Veteran Elite Heroic Inflicts more damage and are more resistant to enemy fire than standard units. Inflicts more damage and are more resistant to enemy fire than Veteran units. Inflicts more damage than Elite units and attacks more quickly, are even more resistant to enemy fire and automatically heal themselves when not in combat. THREAT METER The Threat Meter is a gauge of how much actual carnage you're experiencing at any given time. Increased threat levels will cause your surviving units to gain combat veterancy faster. It also increases the speed at which you earn Security Points to buy Top-Secret Protocols. The downside of a high threat level is that you're likely getting pounded by enemy fire. FORMATION MOVE Once you've amassed a considerable army, it's a good idea to organize your units into formations. The formation preview feature takes the guesswork out of organizing your troops by automatically arranging them. Formations move at the speed of the slowest unit. To use formation move, click the left and right mouse buttons and drag across your units to change their layout. Your troops now automatically move to the selected destination and line up in the previewed formation. Note: Try using formations in combination with the Hold Ground stance to form a defensive line. You can also combine a movement order with the formation preview. ATTACk MOVE When ordered to attack-move, selected units stop to attack any opposing units or base defenses on the way to their assigned destination. This is an effective way to meet an opposing force or storm an enemy base. A key, and right-click the To order an attack move, select the units you wish to order, then press the area or neutral structure you want them to move to. GARRISONING INFANTRy Many civilian structures and some other structures can double as cover and fortified positions for your infantry. Garrisoning units protects them and grants them a bonus to their attack range. Enemies attacking garrisoned forces need to severely damage the garrisoned building first, at which time any garrisoned forces will automatically exit. To garrison a structure, select the desired infantry units, then right click an empty building. Not all infantry units (such as Attack Dogs, War Bears, and Tesla Troopers) can be garrisoned. Note: Some units have attack abilities that can eliminate enemy units inside of garrisoned structures. CRATES Crates are targets of opportunity. Crack one open and you may find something useful inside, from extra credits to healing boosts to automatic veterancy upgrades. To acquire a crate, order units to move to its position. Co-Commanders Nobody goes into combat alone. You'll have access to a Co-Commander throughout the campaign who can bring additional forces to bear on your behalf, played either by a friend or by an A.I. character. Note: See Multiplayer for information on Live Co-Commander mode. a.i. co-commaNders Your Co-Commander's portrait appears in the upper left of your Battle Window, along with their control scheme. Learn to use their individual personalities and command styles to your advantage. ALLIES warreN Played by Randy Couture lissette Played by Autumn Reeser Giles Played by Greg Ellis SOVIETS oleG Played by Dimitri Diatchenko moskviN Played by Gene Farber ZhaNa Played by Vanessa Branch A soldier's soldier, Warren's commitment to the cause of freedom is total, and inspiring. He's instantly willing to put himself in harm's way for his men and allies. Whatever happens, Warren will always have your back. Fun, flirtatious, and sly as a fox, Lissette is a former French spy with a gift for seeing right through enemy tactics. She takes the unorthodox approach every time, but the enemy ends up just as dead ... every time. Ex-fighter jock Giles might initially come off as an over-eager fop playing solider, but he didn't get this far by being stupid. Perceptive and meticulous to a fault, Giles is quick to notice trouble, and quick to deal with it. A tank-driving caveman and your partner in crime since Academy, Oleg is overly casual for a man of command rank, but his amusing demeanor and dependability in battle more than make up for it. Unpredictable and highly unstable, Moskvin's sadistic streak can be fun to watch ... from a distance. His swings from cool to hysterical rage happen without warning, but his tactics always remain aggressive. Smart and sophisticated, Zhana focuses on any objective she's given, and then achieves it. She has something to prove to the world-and to you-and believes the Soviet cause is absolutely the right one to prove it for. EMpIRE OF THE RISING SUN shiNZo Played by Bruce A. Locke keNJi Played by Jack J. Yang Naomi Played by Lydia Look An ancient and calculating warrior, "the Emperor's Shadow" may begin to see you as his protégé if you are supremely lucky. If not, his withering stare is enough to kill you. His ambitions are great. His tactics, flawless. Suave, smug, and arrogant, Kenji is at his best in combat, and his mastery of Imperial technologies cannot be equaled. Gain his respect, and he'll be your friend for life. Notoriously ruthless and uncontrollably violent, Naomi was born on a battleship and has the gunmetal gray soul to match. There is no mercy, no peace, in her. If she opens up to you, you'll be the first. Ever. To issue orders to your Co-Commander, click the icons next to their image. Plan Attack Order your Co-Commander build a sizable force to use on any enemy forces in the target area. Strike Target Select a target, then click the Strike Target icon to have your Co-Commander immediately send available forces to destroy it. Take Position Have your Co-Commander occupy the area you've selected. Keep Command Leave your Co-Commander to their own devices. This is the default setting, and is also used to cancel other commands. tiP: Call in your Co-Commander's forces to create a diversion, attack a secondary target, or outflank the units you're currently fighting. CO-COMMANDER STRIkES Some missions allow for situational tactics your Co-Commander can take advantage of. Co-Commander Strikes are golden opportunities that can instantly punch holes in enemy lines or destroy structures. When a Strike icon appears, click it. The nature of the Strike will be explained to you; launch it by clicking the Execute button. Co-Commander Strikes can appear at any time, so be ready for them. toP-secret Protocols Each faction has an extensive set of special support powers it can purchase and use to turn the tide of battle in an instant. Top-Secret Protocols can be offensive or defensive in nature (or both), but they're always spectacular. Protocols are bought using the Security Points you've earned in battle, and are free to use whenever you like... though they all have cool-down periods after each use. To use a Protocol, click the Top Secret Protocol menu in the lower left corner of the Battle Window, then select the Protocol you want to use. During the normal course of battle, you'll gradually earn Security Points. These can be used to unlock Protocols. You can check your progress towards earning another Security Point on the meter under your radar. Protocols are ranked according to level. You must unlock lower-level Protocols before you gain access to the more advanced powers. Each time you use a Protocol there is a cool-down period before you can use it again. suPerweaPoNs aNd ultimate weaPoNs Some conflicts escalate to an exchange of WMDs, wiping out whole armies in a single salvo. Superweapons are largely defensive in nature, putting impenetrable shields in place that temporarily protect your forces from every incoming attack. Ultimate Weapons create a devastating effect in the target area, generally annihilating everything in its path. Ultimate Weapons are ideal when your enemy is deeply entrenched, or in the event of a standoff. Superweapons and Ultimate Weapons are used from the Support Powers section of the Command Menu, just like Top-Secret Protocols. Both are built from your secondary build queue, and have a cool-down period. tiP: Ultimate Weapons are extremely powerful, but there's no guarantee using one will end the match. Have some forces on reserve to mop up any survivors. skIrmIsh Skirmishes are single-player battles that pit you against one or more Co-Commanders from various factions. Each will come at you with their own unique style and tactics, so anticipate their attacks and exploit their weaknesses. Select SKIRMISH from the VERSUS tab. From here, choose the options you want from the menus, including how many opponents, maps, difficulty, and resources, then select your own faction and color. Click the Begin button to start the carnage. Note: To load a previously saved skirmish, select CAMPAIGN, select LOAD, then select the game save you wish to continue. multIplayer Up to six players or teams (or AI-controlled opponents) enter into a free-for-all until only one side is left standing. To begin a multiplayer match, sign in using the comlink star icon in the upper right corner. If you don't have an EA account, you'll be prompted to register. From here, you'll have access to the chat lobby, friend lists, and any invites you've received. Close the comlink and click VERSUS - ONLINE to find or create a multiplayer game. Choose from the list of game options, then select your team number, faction, and color. Be sure to click the Ready button after you join a game. INTERNET CONNECTION, ONLINE AUTHENTICATION AND ACCEPTANCE OF END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT REQUIRED TO PLAY. TO ACCESS ONLINE FEATURES, YOU MUST REGISTER ONLINE WITH THE ENCLOSED SERIAL CODE. ONLY ONE REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE PER GAME. EULA, EA ONLINE TERMS & CONDITIONS AND FEATURE UPDATES CAN BE FOUND AT WWW.EA.COM. YOU MUST BE 13+ TO REGISTER WITH EA ONLINE. EA MAY RETIRE ONLINE FEATURES AFTER 30 DAYS NOTICE POSTED ON WWW.EA.COM. Play Game Join Game Host Game Track Record Automatching instantly puts you up against random opponents at your skill level. Browse custom matches, and joint the one you want by double-clicking. Specify the map, rules, and number of players, then see if they can beat you at your own game. See all your multiplayer stats. CHAT Press V to open voice chat and bring up text commands, such as taunts. To limit communications to allies, hit the Backspace key; Enter opens the chat up to all players. You can also send a Quick Chat message by pressing M. Click on the message you want to send from the list. BEACONS Press B and click to place a beacon. The beacon will appear in your allies' game window and radar. You can double-click the text box above the beacon to type a message that only your allies will see. live co-commaNders Buddy up with a friend to take on any mission in the campaign mode together. Simply select the campaign mission you want, then choose to play it in co-op mode. Find your friend in the lobbies or off your Friends tab, select their name and click the Invite button. Once they accept the invite, the briefing will start. Both players must be signed on and running the game to play as Co-Commanders. Battlecasts You can also host a multiplayer game as a commentator, or load a replay of an old game with the Add Commentary field checked, and add in-game commentary to the Commanders' moves and tactics using the telestrator box at the top of the screen. Just pick a color and width for your telestrator lines, then start drawing on the map. REpLAyS Battlecasts (and your telestrator marks) are saved to the replay file and uploaded to commandandconquer.com, where they are made available to the public for educational purposes. To load a Replay, select Replay Theater from the Profile menu. unIts You'll have a wide array of forces at your command, each with their own unique function and special abilities. The key to victory is knowing when, where, and-most importantly-how to deploy them. allies INFANTRy Attack Dog: Specially trained German Shepherds, Attack Dogs excel in sniffing out ambushes during field recon, guarding important locations, and light combat. Allied sonic technologies have amplified their bark to stun enemy soldiers. Engineer: Engineers look unarmed, but their briefcases are full of gadgets perfect for fixing or commandeering various technologies, and building medic tents to triage wounded troops. Top Engineers can take over an enemy factory single-handedly in seconds, but they rarely get far without armed escort. Peacekeeper: The frontline soldiers of the Allied military, Peacekeepers are equipped for defensive postures first, but don't lack for aggressive moves. Their combination of shotguns and riot shields often prove decisive in combat. Javelin Soldier: Heavy support troopers operating specially designed missile systems good for surface-to-air and anti-vehicle use. Devastating as their weapons are, Javelin Soldiers can "paint" enemy targets for even more damage. Mobile Construction Vehicle: Tough, amphibious, and versatile, the MCV is vital to setting up forward bases, gathering resources, manufacturing support craft and training Allied forces. Protecting their MCV is always a commander's highest priority. Spy: The Spy is a tuxedo-clad master of disguise, able to camouflage himself as the enemy and infiltrate their bases of operation with ease. Spies go into the field unarmed, but their abilities to steal enemy intel, sabotage bases and bribe enemy troops into change sides are invaluable. Tanya: When it absolutely, positively has to be destroyed, the Allies send Tanya. Her liberal use of machine pistols and C4 explosives makes her more than a match for nearly any opponent-land, sea, or air-and a time belt allows her to jump back 10 seconds in time... in case of accidents. AIRCRAFT Vindicator: Medium-range bombers specializing in tactical strikes on ground forces using two laser-guided bombs. Cryocopter: An experimental light helicopter armed with the latest in non-lethal weaponry: a freeze ray as its primary option, and a highly impressive shrink ray for special occasions. VEHICLES Riptide ACV: A small and maneuverable hovercraft good for troop transport and fire support, thanks to a mounted machine gun and dual torpedo tubes. Apollo Fighter: A superior air-to-air fighter armed with beam weaponry, Mach-3 capabilities, and piloted by the best hotshots in the Allied nations. Multigunner IFV: The Infantry Fighting Vehicle is a robust armored car featuring variable weaponry; its standard rocket launcher adapts to whatever weaponry its passengers are carrying. Century Bomber: Made in the U.S.A., these sturdy planes can carpet-bomb fortified enemy compounds into dust, then deploy paratroopers to mop up. Guardian Tank: The backbone of Allied armored units. If its 90mm cannon can't solve a problem, the Guardian can easily designate targets for bigger Allied weapon platforms to obliterate. NAVy Dolphin: Trained, weaponized dolphins capable of scouting enemy fleets or engaging them with anti-ship sonic disruptors. Mirage Tank: A scalpel to the Guardian's club, the Mirage is a stealth-active tank sporting a spectrum-dispersion cannon that boils metal. Its active camouflage can be redirected to hide nearby forces. Athena Cannon: Linking to orbital laser satellites, the Athena can paint targets and rain down fire to spectacular-and devastating-effect. The satellites can also temporarily shield the Athena from attack. Prospector: This unassuming, unarmed workhorse keeps the Allied forces functional. Prospectors endlessly gather ore and deliver it for processing. They can also deploy into a self-sufficient Command Post for base expansions. Hydrofoil: A light skiff made for surveillance and defense, but carrying two nasty stings: a 20mm Icarus cannon and a weapon jamming system. Assault Destroyer: The Allies' fearsome amphibious warship, featuring a powerful gauss cannon, depth charges, and magnetic armor for drawing fire away from unprotected friendlies. Aircraft Carrier: A floating fortress capable of deploying squadrons of short-range Sky Knight fighter drones and devastating Blackout missiles that fry all electrics in the blast radius. STRUCTURES Construction Yard: The basis for all Allied operations, the Construction Yard builds structures that train troops and create vehicles, and then releases clearances to upgrade the available technologies. Boot Camp: A first-rate training center for the Allies' infantry, animals, spies and specialists. Power Plant: Power Plants keep all base structures and defenses running; without enough power to support a base, production stops. Spectrum Tower: Advanced base defenses sporting a spectrum-dispersion cannon similar to the Mirage tank's. Chronosphere: The Chronosphere has the ability to instantly teleport units anywhere on the battlefield, giving them a huge tactical advantage. It can also relocating units to hostile environments, and the teleport process is fatal to infantry. Proton Collider: A base-killer, the Proton Collider is the Allies' weapon of last resort ... and final reckoning. Armor Facility: From armored cars to Mirage tanks, all Allied land-based vehicles are put together in the Armor Facility Fortress Wall: Defense at its most basic. Each purchase creates one section of wall; place two sections within a few grids in a straight line, and they will automatically connect. Seaport: Seaports are tasked with creating a navy that can rule the waves. soviets INFANTRy Airbase: The first step in air superiority, an Airbase is responsible for building things that fly ... and shoot, and bomb. Ore Refinery: The center of the Allied economy, Ore Refineries turn ore delivered by Prospectors into credits. Each Refinery comes with one collector. Command Hub: A remote base outside the Construction Yard, Command Hubs help expand areas of control and can be used to up-tech units in their vicinity. Defense Bureau: Ultraweapons and superior defenses are the purview of the Defense Bureau, once the technology tier to build one has been unlocked. Multigunner Turret: Basic base defenses, garrisoning infantry in a Multigunner Turret will change its weapons to match the occupants'. War Bear: Born in captivity, trained in combat and light recon, many enemies have fallen to the serrated claws and technologically amplified roars of the Soviet War Bear. Combat Engineer: The best and brightest serve as Combat Engineers, tasked with hacking computers, sabotage, reprogramming enemy units, and digging bunkers to garrison fighting men. They are issued a simple pistol for self defense, for all the good it does them. Conscript: Poorly trained, yet highly enthusiastic due to mental conditioning and healthy propaganda, Conscripts heedlessly charge into battle firing assault rifles and hurling Molotov cocktails in blind allegiance to the State. Flak Trooper: Gloriously free after years spent in gulag, brutish Flak Troopers serve Mother Russia by hefting large anti-air flak cannons and attaching mines to enemy armor. Used on ground targets, their cannons are even more impressive. Tesla Trooper: Enemies of the Soviet Union's fear these elite mechanized patriots and their deadly tesla cannons. Their only vulnerability comes when they release a devastating EMP attack, rendering their foes-and themselves-temporarily helpless. AIRCRAFT Twinblade: A dual-bladed attack chopper often deployed to mow down enemy infantry or Soviet deserters... occasionally both. Armed with quad-mounted rocket launchers and twin machine guns, it's well suited to the task, and doubles as transport for infantry or tanks. Natasha: A product of advanced Soviet training programs, Natasha is a hero of the Soviet Union, able to turn the tide of battle with nothing more than her trusty Korshunov rifle and her undying cruelty. She can call in airstrikes to kill larger targets, or snipe pilots to claim their vehicles for Mother Russia. What Natasha's scope sees, dies. VEHICLES Terror Drone: A nasty, spider-like robot that attacks infantry and vehicles with equal viciousness. It likes to bore in and dismantle targets from the inside, but can also disable vehicles with its stasis ray. Sickle: Originally designed for riot suppression, this walking gun turret is still excellent for crowd control, and is capable of leaping obstacles in order to reach its objectives. NAVy Hammer Tank: Long the symbol of Soviet might, this bruiser's 85mm smoothbore gun packs a brutal punch, while the Leech Beam leeches enemy health and weapon strength to boost the Hammer's own aggressive ends. Apocalypse Tank: The Soviet harbinger of death. The massive (and slow) Apocalypse would live up to its name thanks to the two 125mm cannons alone, but then added a magnetic grapple to catch faster adversaries and drag them under its chain treads. V4 Rocker Launcher: A mobile rocket launcher, the V4 fires huge, long-range ballistic missiles that can demolish nearly any target, or splinter into multiple mortar shells for area damage. The V4 must be stationary to fire, making it a poor frontline weapon. MiG Fighter: Synonymous with Soviet air power, the MiG is a fast-attack air-to-air fighter that can boast a remarkable survival rate, largely thanks to its armament of M-type burst missiles. MiGs have earned a reputation for owning the skies. Kirov Airship: The pride of the Soviet military, these war zeppelins are capable of carrying hundreds of heavy bombs to any target in the world, and blowing it out of existence. Kirovs are slow, but can achieve a quick burst of speed at the expense of hull integrity. Stingray: Mixing a fast-attack strike ship with Soviet Tesla weaponry (and crews who don't know how dangerous that combination is), the Stingray is a thing of sick ingenuity, able to fire underwater to electrocute everything in its attack radius. Bullfrog: Amphibious transports with an unusual troop deployment system: infantry are launched out of a fairly accurate man-cannon, allowing for fast and strategic enemy engagements supported by the 'frog's AA gun. Akula Sub: The venerable hunter/killer attack sub specializes in locating and destroying enemy ships, then vanishing into the deep. Akulas have multiple torpedo payloads at their disposal, for use on a variety of targets. Dreadnought: Built specifically to accommodate and fire endless barrages of Molot V4 Rockets on land or sea-based targets, Dreadnoughts are vulnerable in close quarters, but few things on Earth can withstand its devastating bombardments for long. Sputnik: The smaller, cheaper answer to the MCV, the Sputnik spun out of a failed orbital probe project. Now it specializes in deploying listening posts that can be upgraded into fully realized forward bases. STRUCTURES Ore Collector: Heavily armored beasts of burden, the Ore Carriers aren't fancy when it comes to finding and transporting ore to processing, but do get the job done. Mobile Construction Vehicle: The Soviet MCV has been instrumental in pushing communist forces into new territories under various pretenses. Not surprisingly, savvy commanders always sent massive military escorts to "safeguard' them. For every Soviet aggression, there is an MCV fueling the advance. Construction Yard: The glorious Soviet Construction Yard builds many good structures, which maintain and expand Russian forces in the field. Barracks: Harsh training programs in the Barracks turns scores of worthless serfs and criminals into feared, expendable infantry. Reactor: The beating heart of the Soviet base, it brings needed power to all structures and productions. Tesla Coil: Upgraded base defenses with deadly electrical weaponry. Tesla Troopers can super-charge Tesla Coils to make them even deadlier. War Factory: Self-propelled guns, missile launchers, terror drones and tanks all roll off the War Factory's assembly lines. Iron Curtain: This superweapon protects the citizens by making them temporarily invulnerable to puny enemy weaponry. Naval Yard: Only the finest, most reliable ships put to sea from the Soviet Naval Yard, built by happily indentured workers. Vacuum Imploder: The ultimate Soviet weapon. Everything in the target area is sucked in and annihilated... people, vehicles, and whole bases. Airfield: Russian pilots rule the skies with powerful aircraft constructed on Airfields, in numbers that blot out the sun. Fortress Wall: A marvel of State engineering, the wall is purchased one segment at a time, masterfully keeping decadent rabble out and the proletariat in. Ore Refinery: Ore Refineries convert plain rocks into the bountiful wealth all citizens will someday share in, and generously come with an Ore Collector. Outpost: Soviet expansion is accelerated by the use of outposts. emPire of the risiNG suN INFANTRy Burst Drone: Even small robotic dragonflies are ready to die at the divine Yoshiro's command. Burst Drones scout the enemy, latch on to slow vehicles, or simply self- detonate, releasing an EMP blast to disrupt all electrical systems. Super Reactor: An incredible power source, fueling many structures and unlocking new technologies, the Super Reactor is also quite volatile. Few survive its destruction. Battle Lab: The pinnacle of Russian ingenuity, Battle Labs engineer ultimate weapons and defenses, virtually guaranteeing a glorious Soviet victory. Engineer: Skilled field mechanics and saboteurs, the Engineer is a weasely, groveling salaryman who nonetheless excels in his art, and fills a vital role in expanding the Empire. If pressed, they can sprint short distances without tripping, though this can be exhausting. Imperial Warrior: Modern day samurai, brandishing the sacred katana alongside a powerful energy rifle. Light armor is worn with honor, but it is the fate and duty of every Imperial Warrior to die in perfect obedience to his Emperor. Crusher Crane: One of many Soviet advantages, a Crusher Crane allow commanders to double production speed, repair damaged units, and scrap old, useless units for credits. Tankbuster: Men eager and equipped to attack armored vehicles while on foot. Tankbusters hide in self-made spider holes, then burst forth to slice apart enemy armor with barely-portable wave force canons. They are greatly feared. Sentry Gun: While Flak Cannons guard the skies, Sentry Guns sweep the ground clean of Allied and Empire trash. Shinobi: Master assassins and spies, Shinobi are legendary for their ability to kill silently and escape into thin air. The Emperor's killer elite resolutely cling to the old ways: the shuriken, the smoke bomb, and the sword. Rocket Angel: Women are not allowed the honor of combat. Unless they are insanely hyper girls in state-of-the-art combat suits, armed with paralysis whips, firing volleys of missiles, demolishing all in their path. Such are the Rocket Angels. Mobile Construction Vehicle: Reverse-engineered from Allied and Soviet MCVs, the Imperial variant operates in virtually the same way, establishing forward bases and processing centers to expand the Emperor's reach. Yuriko Omega: No one knows how Yuriko Omega was created. What is important now is that her mind destroys her enemies utterly, without mercy. Do not believe her innocent schoolgirl appearance; Yuriko is a barely-contained monster, using her terrifying psionic powers in the name of the Emperor. Nanocore: A marvel of modern technology, Nanocores are truck-sized, all-terrain devices that unpack into massive military structures in seconds. This allows Imperial forces to move into new territories quickly and efficiently. VEHICLES Mecha Tengu: A dual purpose interceptor, Mecha Tengu can fluidly change to Jet Tengu and back, allowing pilots to easily engage air or ground units with its 20mm autocannon. NAVy Yari Minisub: Light two-man subs made for skirmishing and reconnaissance, Yaris are armed with torpedoes, but their best weapon is the crew's willingness to kamikaze enemy ships. Sudden Transport: To position their limited forces swiftly and safely, Imperial scientists developed this amphibious transport, able to camouflage itself as other objects or enemy vehicles. Sea-Wing: Swift and agile, the Sea-Wing is an aerial bomber that converts into an attack sub. Their Aozora air/sea missiles also pull double duty, destroying enemy vessels from above and below. Tsunami Tank: The Emperor's mainline tanks, Tsunamis transform into amphibious units as needed. Its armor-piercing cannon is weaker than other tanks, but special nanodeflectors can nullify most incoming attacks. Naginata Cruiser: The ship-hunters of the Imperial Navy, a Naginata typically closes with its victims at incredible speed and launches a spread of torpedoes, taking out multiple targets before they have time to respond. Striker-VX: A counterpart to the Tengu, the VX switches seamlessly between anti- air mecha and anti-ground helicopter, unleashing rocket swarms to obliterate the Emperor's enemies. Shogun Battleship: The majestic Imperial standard-bearer, both decorative and awe- inspiring, the Shogun is a weapon of mass destruction, bombarding coastlines with weaponry that leave nothing standing. Heavily defended, Shoguns have historically never needed even minor repairs after battle. King Oni: Few survive the Radiant Eyeblasters of King Oni, the Empire's giant robot guardian. Whether crushing tanks in its massive arms or melting entire armies to slag, King Oni more than lives up to its demonic name. STRUCTURES Construction Yard: The Empire's analog to the West's Construction Yard comes with a unique spin: the ability to create Nanocores for swift expansion into new lands. Wave-Force Artillery: This mobile artillery unit foregoes ballistic shells in favor of a devastating particle beam, able to shred entire fortresses in a few well-placed shots. Less, if allowed to charge up to full power first. Ore Collector: An armored harvester tasked with rapidly gathering the massive resources needed to produce the Empire's top-of-the-line forces. As an added precaution, it has been fitted with a small but effective collapsible cannon. Instant Dojo: Yoshiro's willing subjects undergo rigorous training at the Instant Dojo, and emerge as fearless warriors. Instant Generator: Advanced technology requires advanced power; this is the duty Instant Generators fulfill. Mecha Bay: The honorable technicians of the Mecha Bays produce fleets of warmechs, many of which also transform into aerial combatants. CredIts Imperial Docks: Mastery of the oceans begins in the Imperial Docks, which produce spectacular sea (and air)-dominating craft. Ore Refinery: Ore Refineries humbly process the vast resources needed to create and maintain the Imperial armies. Nanotech Mainframe: The ultimate expression of the Empire's technological superiority, the Nanotech Mainframe makes it possible to upgrade units and weaponry to their highest degree. Defender-VX: Variable base defenses that transform from anti-air to anti-ground as required. Wave-Force Tower: Particle beams fired from Wave-Force Towers cut any enemy foolish enough to attack the Emperor's forward bases. Nanoswarm Hive: No attack can penetrate a shield produced by the Nanoswarm Hive ... and nothing inside it can escape. Psionic Decimator: On the Emperor's order, the horrific power of the Psionic Decimator is unleashed on his enemies to destroy them, their vehicles, and their bases utterly. Fortress Wall: Breathtaking architecture and bold defense as one, walls must be constructed one piece at a time, and kept in harmony with nature. Executive Producer Chris Corry Senior Development Director Jill Donald Senior Producer Amer Ajami Art Director Matt J. Britton Lead Designer Jasen Torres Lead Unit and Balance Designer Greg Black Audio Director Nick Laviers Story and Cinematics Producer Mical Pedriana Producer Greg Kasavin Lead Engineering Development Director Gary Stead Engineering Development Director Brandon Rose Design Development Director Ofer Estline Art and Cinematics Development Director Harry Jarvis RTS Chief Technical Officer Zak Phelps Lead Engineer Austin Ellis Lead Graphics Engineer Lutz Latta Lead Configuration Management Engineer Andy McDonald Technical Directors Jason Conaway, Martin Hoffesommer Technical Art Director Sean O'Hara Lead Animator Adam McCarthy Lead Visual Effects Artist Michael Jones DESIGN Game Designers Samuel Bass, Adam "Goblyn" Davis, Amir Rao, Scott C. Smith, Jeff Stewart, Kevin White AI Design and Engineering Gavin Simon Multiplayer Map Designer Jeremy Feasel Additional Design Adam Hayes ENGINEERING Systems Engineers John Chin, Mat Hendry, Charles Knowlton, Michael Schwartz, Matt Whiting - Wholesale Algorithms, Mitchell Fisher Gameplay Engineers Adhitya Chittur, Kip Hendricks, Gavin Jenkins, Tom Preisner Design Engineer John Machin AI Engineers Ian Barkley-Yeung, Michael Braley, Andrew Garrett Graphics Engineer Nikolas "Rock Solid" Gavalas Audio Engineer Michael Kron User Interface Engineers Curtis S. Cooper, Scott Fallier, Michael J. Goodwin, Michael Kuehl, David Richey, Shawn Rogers, Nick Silva, Laurence Tietz Multiplayer Engineers Chris Jacobson, Alan Newton, Ping Wang, Nathan Yun Engineering Intern Marc ten Bosch Additional Engineering Scott Bowen, Marcos Boyington, Pete Brubaker, Janry Burns, Christopher Card, Hyun Jin Cho, Jeff Chow, Christopher Eddy, Simon Golding, Felix Gonda, Chris Harglerode, Jefferson Hobbs, Gabriel Holmes, Laurent Horisberger, Will Hutchinson, Ryan Jones, Wa Kan, Karl Lai, Jerome Lanquetot, Tom McDevitt, Simon Myszko, Richard Osborne, Paul Pedriana, Lensen Qi, Rohith Ravindranath, Sean Rosenbaum, Ying Sha, Blazej Stompel, Geren Taylor, Eduardo Trama, John Versluis, Richie Wu, Alex Zhang, Brian Zhang ART Animator Michael Laygo Modelers Mike Colonnese, Huy Dinh, Tse-Cheng Lo, Greg Luzniak, Wil Panganiban, Chance Rowe Environment Artists Charles Jacobi, Laureen LaFave, Glenda Novotny, Phelicia Ramlogan User Interface Artists Andrey Kazmin, Michael Tamura, Noriko Watanabe Visual Effects Artist Casey Robinson Technical Artists Matt Intrieri, Tim Jones Concept Artists Joy An, Darren Bacon, T.J. Frame, Warren Fu, Raj Rihal Asset Integrators Mike Gevorkian, Michael Millan Additional Art Fernando Castillo, Ryan Church, Aram Granger, Chris Howe, Eugene Cordwell Jarvis, Insun Kang, Kevin Lee, David Oliver, Original Forces 3D, Eric Smith, Virtuous Games, Vykarian, Tim Williams, James Zhang, John Zwicker pRODUCTION AND DEVELOpMENT Associate Producers Keith Schaefer, Jim Vessella Community Manager Aaron Kaufman Project Manager Bobby Moldavon Additional Development Direction Wes Eckhart, Wayne Frost Additional Production Sophyrun "Sope" May, Mathew Ott Production Interns Keith Co, Andy Jih, Jeff Suhr AUDIO Senior Sound Designer Evan T. Chen Sound Designers Sam Bird, Jeff Wilson Additional Sound Design Zak Belica Voice Direction & Sound Design David Fries Dialogue Editing Peter Scaturro Recording Facility POP Sound Recording Engineer Michael Miller Recordist Courtney Bishop CINEMATICS EALA TEAM Cinematics Director Richard Winn Taylor II Producer Nina Dobner Post-Production Supervisor Benjamin Hopkins Visual Effects Supervisor KaTai Tang Writer Harris Orkin Video Editing Stuart Allison Assistant Video Editor Joshua E. Basche Additional Editing Nate Hubbard, Joseph Paul Factora Graphics Designer & Animator Rob Ross 3D Animation/Rendering Sangwoo Hong Matchmover Fabio Zapata Sound Designer Edward Cerrato Additional Audio Mixing Robert N. Bass Storyboard Artists David Duncan, Renee Reeser-Zelnick LIVE ACTION Principal Cast Gemma Atkinson, Gina Carano, Tim Curry, Andrew Divoff, Kelly Hu, Jenny McCarthy, Ivana Milicevic, Jonathan Pryce, JK Simmons, Peter Stormare, George Takei, Ron Yuan Co-commanders Vanessa Branch, Randy Couture, Dimitri Diatchenko, Greg Ellis, Gene Farber, Bruce A. Locke, Lydia Look, Autumn Reeser, Jack J. Yang Special Cameo Appearance David Hasselhoff Production House Beach House Films, Executive Producers: Dave and Patti Coulter Beach House Producer Dona Shine Director of Photography Rich Schaefer Set & Production Design Cherie Baker Prop & Additional Set Design John Kelly Wardrobe Wanda Piety Photography Kevin Lynch "Behind the Scenes" Crew Gabe Chu, Brett Brooke, Greg Melton, Justin Lupin, Ron Siegel Talent Manager Marci Galea Supporting Roles David V. Alspach, Marnie Alton, Yu Asakura, Nathalie J . Baldwin, Carl Black, Bill Blair, Trevor Brunsink, Eddie Caldwell, Troy A. Cephers, Gregory Davidson, Nathan L. David, Dana L. Ditrani, Patrick Dollaghan, Paul Eiding, Aisha R. Eifert, Vince Fenequito, Kerry D. Finlayson, Brian F. Fong, Timothy A. Fong, Michael Fujimoto, Daniel Gerschwiler, Brenda L. Goodbread, Jamie Graf, Daniel V. Hamilton, Song Han, Mallory H. Hartung, Matthew Herington, Joey J. Herman, David V. Hope, Jonathan Khan, Hideo Kimura, Carl J. Kocis, Shin Koyamada, Shawn A. Kyles, Eric K. Larsen, Jeffrey Lerille, Lisa Littman, Pasha Lynchnikoff, Sarah L. Marshall, Michael Mikasa, Smokey Miles, Yumi Mizui, Mary E. Morales, Minae C. Noji, Michael R. Notman, Coleen O'shaughnessey, Calvin L. Oishi, James Peak, Matthew T. Reidy, Christopher Risucci, Ian B. Rosenberg, Dawn A. Sarty, Stelio Savante, Tom Seagle, Paul Shiki, Lauren Shiohama, Timothy D. Smith, Jonathan Stoddard, Sonni Stommel, Warren K Tabata, Ryota Tanaka, John T. Taylor, Emmanuelle Todorov, Brian J. Watson, David Wurmlinger, Gregor Xythe, Ted M. Yamashita Additional Cinematics Work The Third Floor, Shadowplay Studio, Whoodoo EFX, Inc., Hollywood DI, The Cinesoup Consortium, Ideal Audio, Inc." VOICE TALENT Voice Actors Grant Albrecht, Eric Bauza, John Bentley, Noah Blake, JB Blanc, Edita Brychta, Joey Camen, Donald Corren, Stephan Cox, Joey D'Auria, Dimitri Diatchenko, Paul Eiding, Pat Fraley, Crispin Freeman, Chris Gardner, Richard Green, Ian Gregory, Kyle Hebert, David K. Hill, Endre Hules, Roger L. Jackson, David Kaye, Andrew Kishino, Darryl Kurylo, Ming Lo, David Lodge, Jenny McCarthy, Dave B. Mitchell, Rene Mujica, Paul Nakauchi, Minae Noji, Liam O'Brien, Colleen O'Shaughnessy, Erik Passoja, Enn Riteil, Philip Anthony Rodriguez, Stelio Savante, David Sobolov, Lisa Tamashiro, Philip Tanzini, Fred Tatasciore, Courtenay Taylor, Brian Tochi, Cece Tsou, Ami Veerers-Chorlton, Colette Whitaker, Virginia Williams, Wally Wingert, Ron Yuan MUSIC Music Composed By James Hannigan, Frank Klepacki, Timothy Michael Wynn Additional Music By Mikael Sandgren EXTERNAL pRODUCTION Development Director Kate Bigel Project Manager Armando Castillo Development Manager Mat Hale TESTING Senior QA Director Dave Steele Senior QA Manager Darren Merritt Senior Project Lead Sean Shimoda Senior Test Lead Robert Tzong, Senior Tester, Brian Stumpf QA Test Leads Robert Finney, Jared Greene, Jonathan Landis, Kirk Nedreberg, Brian Paoloni, David Pelayo, Christian Robinson, Ben Turner QA Engineer Steve Hoey QA Automation Programmer Zach Fake Embedded Testers Wil Dumaop, Jason Hellebrand, Roman Janczak, Dusten Rader QA Balance Test Leads Jason Savopolos, Nathan Stumpf Balance Testers Jason Kokal, Michael Ombao, John Tittel QA Testers Thomas Arredondo, Nicholas Bennett, Cecilia Chao, Sean Chapman, Derek Degeyter, Elton Glover, Luke Glupngam, Andrew Hagar, Eric Herrera, Alex Hinds, Mike Hsiao, Steven Kreiner, Jared Leigh, Mark Macarandan, Maverick Matthews, Matthew McCarty, Claude McIver, Kieron McKay, Megan Mikane, Doug Owen, Alden Paguia, Ron Punzalan, Jerry Roh, Miro Skandera, Saam Shabahang, Nathan Stubbs, Randy Taintor, Sopisey Tan, Alexander Tucker, Robert Wai, Jason Witters Compliance Test Lead Paul John Jochico Compliance Testers Nickolas Anderson, Darryl Austin, Catalin Petrescu, Alexander Ruiz VMC Test Leads Keith Earley, Sebastien Le Prestre LOCALIZATION Localization Manager Joel Börjel EUROpEAN LOCALIZATION AND INTEGRATION Localization Production Stefano Gambaro, Federica Rossi Localization Coordination Elixabete Aldama, Amina Belguendouz, Fausto Ceccarelli, Álvaro Corral, Mathieu Donsimoni, Nathalie Duret, Marcel Elsner, Jonas Estrada, Marcin Król, Stefano Mozzi, Mária Nagy, Jakub Nowicki, Alessandro Paglia, Ana Esther Rodriguez, Pavel Rutski, José Ramón Sagarna Localization Programming Pedro Alfageme, Eduardo Belinchón, Íñigo Bermejo, Danilo José Guerrero, Daniel Gutiérrez, César Puerta, Gonzalo Rodríguez, Ignacio Rodríguez, Óscar Zurriaga Localization Team Fontoló Stúdió Ltd. Início Localisation Services LA MARQUE ROSE SOFTCLUB PRESTO - PREKLADATELSKÉ CENTRUM s.r.o Synthesis International S.r.l. Estudios EXA S.L. toneworx GmbH Robert Böck Michael Broström Sylvain Deniau Jérémy Jourdan Morten Skovgaard ASIAN LOCALIZATION AND INTEGRATION Localization Production Diane Ng Localization Coordination Jason Chen, Wang YaoXian, Krispol Jaijongrak, SungGyu Lim Localization Team Thantida Warunyaporn, Ratakorn Meythangkul, Natthinee Chantarojsiri, Jittiporn Chantarojsiri MOTION CApTURE Motion Capture Facility EA World Wide Motion Capture Studio Motion Capture Management Team JoAnn Gaudry, Mike Harrison, David Pierce Motion Capture Team Atlin Fraser, Eldon Derksen, Marie Tai, Dave Raposo, Vince Ng, Ken Tsia, Troy Thibodeau, Derek Peristy, Alex Messier, Michael Iguidez Motion Capture Talent Dianna David, Jeff Fisher MARkETING AND pUBLIC RELATIONS NORTH AMERICA AND GLOBAL Global Product Manager David S. Silverman Global PR Manager Andrew H. Wong Assistant Product Manager Bryce Yang Advertising Manager Alonso M. Velasco Marketing Assistant Nicholas Clifford Lead Marketing Video Editor Chase Boyajian Marketing Video Editor Neel Upadhye Assistant Marketing Video Editor Chris Harris Talent Director, Command & Conquer TV Derek C. Schoeni Video Director Drew Stauffer, Sue Garfield Manual Writer Rus McLaughlin SPECIAL THANKS To everyone at EALA for their support, especially Michael Verdu, Carl Hughes, Marcel Samek, Clive Downie, Craig Owens, Jarrod Voth, Susan Otto, Mel Resonable, Brandon Lukach, Mastering Lab, Facilities, IS&T and all our fellow dev teams at EALA. And to everyone at Electronic Arts for their support, especially John Riccitiello, Frank Gibeau, Nick Earl, Scott Taylor, Sharon Andrews, Louis Castle, Tammy Schachter, Bryce Baer, Mike Quigley, EA Legal Team, Central Development Services and the online group. The team would like to thank their family and friends. Without their support, this game would not have been possible: Annie Abriel, Farah Ajami, Maha Ajami, Ramzi Ajami, Yoko Nova Allison, Cassandra Aston, Al Barasch, Alan Barkley-Yeung, Deborah Barkley-Yeung, Stephen Barkley-Yeung, Jose & Fausta Barsana, Anastasia Basche, Allan, Caroline & Tom Bass, Nicholas Bennett, Thomas Borland, Teresa Paz Braley, Amel Chabbi, Nathalie Chandler, Anda, Keoni & Bodie Chen, Christie Chiang, Linda Chou, Andy Clayton, Steve Collins, Brenda Conaway, Charlotte & Ted Conaway, Susan & Caroline Corry, Appoline Couprie, Jennifer Cox, Nathan, Nolan, Norah & Niko Crespo, Sarah & Ariel Crespo, Eric, Coby, Wyatt & California Dahlstrom, Linda Danet, Brandyn Davis, Ron & Laurie Davis, Dyana DeMarco, Graeme Devine, Rex Dickson, Hao 'Hawk' Dinh, Marcus & Anne Doesserich, Steve Drake & Diane Beck, Eric T. Elder, Pam Ellis, Elizabeth & Itai Estline, James, Kyung, Lindsay & Jessica Fake, Chris, Diane, Nick and Jack Finney & Sarah, Ian Fischer, Patrick & Bean Fox, Rowena Garrett, Jean Gawrys, George & Wanda Gieffels, Michele, Ron, Clark & Carter Godinez, Danielle Golding, Julie Goodall & Josh Trout, Rich & Kathy Goodall, Julie Grey, John Grower, Donald & Cindy Hoey, Tom Hoey, Jenna Hogan, Vanya Holt, Mary Lou & Jim Hopkins, Shayne & Graham Hopkins, Sienna Hopkins, Keshana Walker, Madelyn Sarah Intrieri, Celeste Jacobi, Kristen Jacobsen, Margaret Jacobson, Patricia Jacobson, Timothy Bock Jang, Gillian Jarvis, Harry & Lo Jarvis, Diana Jassak, Parker & Csebija Jenkins, Jeramie B. Johnson, Jerome K. Jones, Jon Jones, Lothell Jones, Raven Jones, Tristan Jones, Valerie Jones, Wayne & Doris Jones, Eric, Debra, Alia & Yuri Kahan, Alex Kasavin, Alexander Kasavin, Esme Kasavin, Jenna Kasavin, Marina Kasavin, Alina & Mei Mei, Jon Kondrath, Terry, Kelly & Jenny Kuehl, Christie Kulp, Rob & Laura Kunesh, Dianne Ladd, Donna LaFave, Felicia Landis, Irma Landis, Ken Landis, Steven Landis, Mags, Emil, Raphael & Miranda Laviers, David Leary, Katherine Lee, Elizabeth Levy, George & Penny Levy, Amy Liu, George & Jackie Luzniak, George & Ruth Wuzniak, Kai Luzniak, Oksana Luzniak, Lori, Travis, Megan & Ashley Machin, Katrina Macrae, Dr. Melvin & Marion Mandel, Bryan & Allison Manfred, Chris & Amanda Manfred, Nick Marks, Danielle Matko, Oceanis & Jezebel McCarthy, Erick R. Mendez, Larysa & Chris Meyers, Jose A. Millan, Michi Miyazaki, Jackie Mizrahi, Steve McNally, Barbara Moldavon, Casey Moldavon, Sherman & Ida Moldavon, Laraine & Dink Moniz, Mouna Mouloudj, Kerstin Muller, Chad Mutchler, Michael Naumann, Carolina Nedreberg, Angie Newman, Susan Noerper, Stanford Orfila, Michael Ott, Meltem Oztan, Godofredo & Jean Panganiban, Numeriano & Soledad Panganiban, Kara Phelps, Porter Phelps, Pamela Pregnolato, Ursula, Jerzy, Luke & Karolina Preisner, Ryan Ramlogan, Atam Rao, Cameron Richey, Krista Richey, Makenna Richey, Herbert & Katherine Robinson, Chris Rockoff, Patricia, Kylie & Clarissa Rogers, Jessica Rose, Bob & Deborah Ross, Piera Savage, Elliott Schaefer, Katie & Jeff Schenkelberg, Erica & Ned Schoolman, Gabriela Sheets, Ting Sheng, Kai Shimoda, Rima Singh, Clive & Sheryl Smith, Ian & Sylvia Smith, Marina Solovyova, Trevor Somers, Julie & Scott Spicer, Ben Springer, Greg T. Street, Kriste Stull, Raisa Sverchinsky, Jean Tai, Setsu, Marinah, Yasmine & Jayden Tamura, Betty Giffin Taylor, Lynne M. Taylor, Richard, Leah & Scarlet Taylor, Matthew Tonks, Christine Torres, Greg Torres, Suzanne Torres, Tiffany Torres, Phiphi Tran, Susan Tregub, Karen Tzong, Lyra Ulangca, Linda Vang, Bob, Ann & Tom Vessella, Fan Wang, Shuguo Wang, Cindy White, Zerlina Wong, David, Carol & Ellen Wong, Elizabeth Tu Anh Ngoc Tran Wong, Tara Wong, Danny & Pete Wongchinda, Kittaya Wongchinda, Ray & Kristen Wongchinda, Erin Wood, Raulette Woods, Meng Yang, Paola Yap, Ernest Yun, Margret Yun, Roxann Zarchin and Tong Zhou. We'd also like to thank the entire Command & Conquer community for their undying support and passion for this series and inspiring us throughout the development of this game. The Marketing and PR group would like to thank: Alexis Lovett, Isaac Clemens, Colin McRae, Tony Vasquez, "Producer Dan" Watson, Chris Zarmakoupis, Thomas Kelty, Todd Schull, Karl Smith, Tim "75,000" Moore, Amber Mayo, Kelsey Chao, Jonathan Long, Kevin Toth, Ann Marie Ramirez, Jeanette Balentine, Kraig Thompson, Jason Byrum, Michelle Becker, Abby Zirkle, Joseph Ames, The Warhammer Online: Age of Reckoning team, NA Sales Team, Sharbaz "The Cantina" Rahibi. Join Us. We See Further. performanCe tIps ProBlems ruNNiNG the Game Make sure you meet the minimum system requirements for this game and that you have the latest drivers for your video card and sound card installed: For NVIDIA video cards, visit www.nvidia.com to locate and download them. For ATI video cards, visit www.ati.amd.com to locate and download them. If you are running the disc version of this game, try reinstalling DirectX from the disc. This is typically found in the DirectX folder on the root of the disc. If you have Internet access, you can visit www.microsoft.com to download the latest version of DirectX. GeNeral trouBleshootiNG tiPs If you have the disc version of this game and the AutoPlay screen does not automatically appear for installation/playing, right-click the disc drive icon found in My Computer and select AutoPlay. If the game is running slowly, try reducing the quality of some of the video and sound settings from the game's options menu. Reducing the screen resolution can often improve performance. For optimum performance when playing, you may like to disable other background tasks (except the EADM application, if applicable) running in Windows. iNterNet PerformaNce issues To avoid poor performance during Internet play, be sure that you close any file sharing, streaming audio, or chat programs prior to entering gameplay. These applications can monopolize your connection's bandwidth, causing lag or other undesirable effects. This game uses the following TCP and UDP port(s) for Internet play: TCP Ports: 80, 3783, 4321, 6660-6669, 28900, 29900, 29901 UDP: 6515, 6500, 13139, 27900 Please consult your router or personal firewall documentation for information on how to allow game related traffic on these ports. If you are attempting to play on a corporate Internet connection, contact your network administrator. teChnICal support If you have trouble with this game, EA Technical Support can help. The EA Help file provides solutions and answers to the most common difficulties and questions about how to properly use this product. To access the EA Help file (with the game already installed): Windows Vista users, go to Start > Games, right-click the game icon, and select the appropriate support link from the drop-down menu. For users on earlier versions of Windows, click the Technical Support link in the game's directory located in the Start > Programs (or All Programs) menu. To access the EA Help file (without the game already installed): 1. Insert the game disc into your DVD-ROM drive. 2. Double-click the My Computer icon on the Desktop. (For Windows XP, you may need to click the Start button and then click the My Computer icon). 3. Right-click the DVD-ROM drive that has the game disc and then select OPEN. 4. Open the Support > EA Help > Electronic_Arts_Technical_Support.htm file. If you are still experiencing difficulty after utilizing the information in the EA Help file you can contact EA Technical Support. EA TECHNICAL SUppORT ON THE INTERNET If you have Internet access, be sure to check our EA Technical Support website at: http://support.ea.com Here you will find a wealth of information on DirectX, game controllers, modems, and networks, as well as information on regular system maintenance and performance. Our website contains up-to-date information on the most common difficulties, game-specific help, and frequently asked questions (FAQs). This is the same information our support technicians use to troubleshoot your performance issues. We keep the support website updated on a daily basis, so please check here first for no-wait solutions. TECHNICAL SUppORT CONTACT INFO If you need to talk to someone immediately, call our Technical Support team (Monday through Friday 8 AM - 5 PM PST): Telephone: US 1 (650) 628-1001. Note: No hints or codes are available from Technical Support. Website: http://support.ea.com Mailing Address: EA Technical Support 9001 N I-35 Suite 110 Austin, TX 78753 lImIted 90-day Warranty Note: The following warranties only apply to products sold at retail. These warranties do not apply to products sold online via EA Store or third parties. Electronic Arts Limited Warranty Electronic Arts warrants to the original purchaser of this product that the recording medium on which the software program(s) are recorded (the "Recording Medium") and the documentation that is included with this product (the "Manual") are free from defects in materials and workmanship for a period of 90 days from the date of purchase. If the Recording Medium or the Manual is found to be defective within 90 days from the date of purchase, Electronic Arts agrees to replace the Recording Medium or Manual free of charge upon receipt of the Recording Medium or Manual at its service center, postage paid, with proof of purchase. This warranty is limited to the Recording Medium containing the software program and the Manual that were originally provided by Electronic Arts. This warranty shall not be applicable and shall be void if, in the judgment of Electronic Arts, the defect has arisen through abuse, mistreatment or neglect. This limited warranty is in lieu of all other warranties, whether oral or written, express or implied, including any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, and no other representation of any nature shall be binding on or obligate Electronic Arts. If any such warranties are incapable of exclusion, then such warranties applicable to this product, including implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, are limited to the 90-day period described above. In no event will Electronic Arts be liable for any special, incidental, or consequential damages resulting from possession, use or malfunction of this Electronic Arts product, including damage to property, and to the extent permitted by law, damages for personal injury, even if Electronic Arts has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Some states do not allow limitation as to how long an implied warranty lasts and/or exclusions or limitation of incidental or consequential damages so the above limitations and/or exclusion of liability may not apply to you. In such jurisdictions, the Electronic Arts' liability shall be limited to the fullest extent permitted by law. This warranty gives you specific rights. You may also have other rights that vary from state to state. RETURNS WITHIN THE 90-DAY WARRANTY PERIOD Please return the product along with (1) a copy of the original sales receipt showing the date of purchase, (2) a brief description of the difficulty you are experiencing, and (3) your name, address and phone number to the address below and Electronic Arts will mail a replacement Recording Medium and/or Manual to you. If the product was damaged through misuse or accident, this 90-day warranty is rendered void and you will need to follow the instructions for returns after the 90-day warranty period. We strongly recommend that you send your products using a traceable delivery method. Electronic Arts is not responsible for products not in its possession. EA Warranty Information If the defect in the Recording Medium or Manual resulted from abuse, mistreatment or neglect, or if the Recording Medium or Manual is found to be defective after 90 days from the date of purchase, choose one of the following options to receive our replacement instructions: Online: http://warrantyinfo.ea.com Automated Warranty Information: You can contact our automated phone system 24 hours a day for any and all warranty questions: US 1 (650) 628-1001 EA Warranty Mailing Address Electronic Arts Customer Warranty 9001 N I-35 Suite 110 Austin, TX 78753 © 2008 Electronic Arts Inc. EA, the EA logo, Command & Conquer and Red Alert are trademarks or registered trademarks of Electronic Arts Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. All Rights Reserved. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. MPEG Layer-3 audio coding technology licensed from Fraunhofer IIS and THOMSON multimedia. RenderWare is a trademark or registered trademark of Criterion Software Ltd. Portions of this software are Copyright 1998-2008 Criterion Software Ltd. and its Licensors. This product contains software technology licensed from GameSpy Industries, Inc. © 1999-2008 GameSpy Industries, Inc. All rights reserved. GameSpy and the "Powered by GameSpy" design are trademarks of GameSpy Industries, Inc. All rights reserved.