Privacy Policy Asianet eCAF Solution is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet and is committed to safeguarding the privacy of user online. Asianet eCAF Solution collects personally identifiable data such as names, addresses and e-mail addresses that are voluntarily submitted by a user when he/she wishes to become a registered user of the services provided. Personal information collected is used in the following manner. One of the reasons to collect information from users registering on Asianet eCAF Solution is to customize the services at Asianet eCAF Solution. The more information the user volunteers the better the experience on Asianet eCAF Solution Personal information is used to deliver targeted advertisements to the user according to the specifications of the advertiser. This does not imply that the advertiser or any third party has access to the user's personal information. They will only receive aggregated user statistics (e.g. 60 % of our users are professionals). Asianet eCAF Solution will notify users prior to sharing the information collected with a partner of Asianet eCAF Solution or a sponsor of an event. You could choose not to allow that transfer by not using the service or by not participating in that particular event. Asianet eCAF Solution shall not reveal any personal information that users provide to us, to any third party without the users' permission, unless, Asianet eCAF Solution has a reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms of Use, or may be causing injury to, or interfering with the rights or property of itself, other users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Asianet eCAF Solution may disclose or access account information when it believes in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service and improve our products and services. Information provided by all Users needs to be true, accurate, current and complete as required by the registration form and promptly updated to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. The privacy policy covers exchanges of personally identifiable information within sites of Asianet eCAF Solution.