Disney XD's Marvel Spider-man Maximum Venom GIVEAWAY RULES The following are the rules ("Rules") for the Disney XD's Marvel Spider-man Maximum Venom giveaway (the "Giveaway") being administered by 9329994 Canada Inc. (together with its parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, related companies, successors and assigns, collectively "Corus") 1. ELIGIBILITY To be eligible for the Giveaway, entrants must be legal residents of Canada, excluding the province of Quebec and must be of the age of majority or older at the time of entry in their province or territory of residence. Employees of Corus, related advertising and promotional agencies, prize suppliers and the household members of any of the above are not eligible to participate in the Giveaway. 2. GIVEAWAY PERIOD The Giveaway shall run from Monday, April 20, 2020 at 10:00am to Sunday, May 3, 2020 at 11:59pm (the "Giveaway Period") after which time no further entries will be considered. 3. HOW TO ENTER NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. To enter, entrants must complete and submit the online entry form located at https://www.disneyxd.ca/spiderman-giveaway (the "Giveaway Website"). Limit of one (1) entry per person, per 24-hour period during the Giveaway Period. In the event of a dispute as to who submitted an electronic entry, the entry will be deemed to have been submitted by the authorized account holder of the e-mail address associated with the entry. "Authorized account holder" of an e-mail address is defined as the natural person who is assigned to an e-mail address by an Internet access provider, on-line service provider, or other organization responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domain associated with the submitted e-mail address. Any entrant may be required to provide Corus with proof that they are the authorized account holder of the e-mail address associated with their entry. 4. PRIZES There are three (3) prizes (each a "Prize", collectively, the "Prizes") available to be won, each consisting of: (a) One (1) NERF Power Moves Marvel Spider-Man Web Blast Web Shooter; (b) Four (4) Marvel Spider-Man Bend and Flex Action Figure Toy; (c) One (1) Spider-Man Maximum Venom Titan Hero Venom Action Figure; (d) Two (2) Spider-Man Maximum Venom Titan Hero; and (e) One (1) Marvel's Spider-Man Maximum Venom, Venom Mask Role Play Toy The approximate value of each Prize is one hundred and forty three Canadian dollars (CDN$143). Winners are not entitled to monetary difference between actual Prize value and stated approximate Prize value, if any. Corus reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to substitute a prize of equal or greater value if a Prize or any part thereof cannot be awarded for any reason. The Prizes are not transferable and not redeemable for cash, will not be extended under any circumstances and must be accepted as offered without substitution. Winners will be responsible for any expense not explicitly included in the Prize. Prizes will be distributed within ten (15) business days after each winner has been successfully contacted and fulfilled the requirements set out herein. Corus shall not assume any liability for a lost, damaged or misdirected Prize. 5. SELECTION OF WINNERS On Monday, May 4, 2020 in Toronto, Ontario, three (3) entrants will be selected by a random draw from all eligible entries received during the Giveaway Period. Each selected entrant will be notified by e-mail within five (5) business days after the end of the Giveaway Period. The selected entrants must respond to the notification within five (5) business days. If a selected entrant does not respond in the allotted time, he/she will be disqualified and will not receive a Prize and another entrant may be randomly selected from the pool of eligible entries in Corus' sole discretion. Corus shall be in no way responsible for the failure, for any reason whatsoever, of a selected entrant to receive notification or for Corus' failure to receive a selected entrant's response. The odds of being selected as a potential winner are dependent upon the number of eligible entries received by Corus during the Giveaway Period. Before being declared a winner, the selected entrant(s) will be required to: (i) correctly answer, without assistance of any kind, whether mechanical or otherwise, a time-limited, mathematical skill-testing question to be administered during a pre-arranged telephone call or by e-mail; (ii) comply with the Rules; and (iii) may be required to sign and return the Release (described below). 6. RELEASE The winner(s) may be required to execute a winner release form ("Release"), as determined by Corus in its sole discretion, that confirms winner's: (i) eligibility for the Giveaway; (ii) acceptance of the Prize as offered; (iii) release of Corus and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates and/or related companies and each of their employees, directors, officers, suppliers, agents, sponsors, administrators, licensees, representatives, advertising, media buying and promotional agencies and prize suppliers (collectively, the "Releasees") from any and all liability for any loss, harm, damages, cost or expense arising out of participation in the Giveaway or the acceptance, use, or misuse of the Prize, including but not limited to costs, injuries, losses related to personal injuries, death, damage to, loss or destruction of property, rights of publicity or privacy, defamation, or portrayal in a false light, or from any and all claims of third parties arising therefrom; and (iv) grants to Corus of the unrestricted right, in Corus' sole discretion, to produce, reproduce, publish, broadcast, communicate by telecommunication, exhibit, distribute, adapt and otherwise use or re-use the winner's name, image, likeness, voice and biography, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, in connection with the Giveaway and the promotion and exploitation thereof. The executed Release must be returned within two (2) business days of the date indicated on the accompanying letter of notification or the verification as a winner or the selected entrant will be disqualified and the Prize forfeited. 7. GENERAL By participating in the Giveaway, each entrant: (i) (ii) (iii) (iv) Agrees to abide by these Rules and the decisions of Corus which shall be final and binding in all respects. Entrants who have not complied with these Rules are subject to disqualification; Releases and holds harmless the Releasees from any and all liability for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind to the entrant or any other person, including personal injury, death, or property damage, resulting in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from acceptance, possession, use or misuse of any Prize, participation in the Giveaway, any breach of the Rules, or any Prize-related activity; Agrees to fully indemnify Releasees from any and all claims by third parties relating to the entrant's participation in the Giveaway, without limitation; and If selected as a winner, agrees that his/her name may be used in any and all forms of media, without any further compensation by Corus and waives all rights (including moral rights) with respect to printed, broadcast and other forms of publicity. Corus reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the Giveaway, in whole or part, and/or modify, amend or suspend the Giveaway, and/or these Rules in any way, at any time, for any reason without prior notice. Personal information collected during the course of the Giveaway shall be used by Corus and its authorized representatives solely for the purposes of conducting the Giveaway and awarding Prize(s) and will not be used or disclosed for any other purpose unless required by law. Corus will use the entrant's personal information only for identified purposes, and protect the entrant's personal information in a manner that is consistent with the Corus Privacy Policy at: https://www.corusent.com/privacy-policy/ The Giveaway is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by any social media platforms on which the Giveaway may have been promoted and/or publicized and any personal information provided by an entrant is being provided to Corus. Any questions or comments regarding the Giveaway must be directed to Corus and not to any of the social media platforms on which the Giveaway may have been advertised The Giveaway is subject to all applicable laws of the province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein.