RISE OF THE TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES PHOTO GIVEAWAY RULES The following are the rules ("Rules") for the Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Photo giveaway (the "Giveaway") being administered by Corus Sales Inc. ("Corus") for the promotion of Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. 1. ELIGIBILITY To be eligible for the Giveaway, entrants must be legal residents of Canada, excluding the province of Quebec, be of the age of majority or older at the time of entry in their province or territory of residence, and have a valid Instagram and/or Twitter account at the time of entry. Parents or legal guardians must enter on behalf of any entrant under the age of majority, and sign on their behalf all necessary documentation in respect of this Giveaway, including entry forms and releases. Employees of Corus and its affiliates, subsidiaries, related companies, advertising and promotional agencies, prize suppliers and the household members of any of the above, are not eligible to participate in the Giveaway. 2. GIVEAWAY PERIOD The Giveaway shall run from August 30, 2018 at 12:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time ("EDT") to September 3, 2018 at 11:59 p.m. EDT (the "Giveaway Period") after which time no further entries will be considered. 3. HOW TO ENTER NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. To enter, entrants must post a "turtle-inspired" photo and upload it to their Instagram or Twitter account with the hashtag #RiseofTMNTCanada (the "Post"). Limit of one (1) entry per person during the Giveaway Period. In the event of a dispute as to who submitted an electronic entry, the entry will be deemed to have been submitted by the authorized account holder of the Twitter or Instagram account associated with the entry. "Authorized account holder" of a Twitter or Instagram account is defined as the natural person who is assigned to a Twitter or Instagram account by the applicable social media platform. 4. PRIZE There is one (1) prize (the "Prize") available to be won, consisting of a RTMNT prize pack, which shall include: a) One (1) Epic Sewer Lair Playset; b) Nine (9) basic TMNT figures; c) Four (4) giant TMNT figures; d) One (1) turtle tank; and e) Four (4) TMNT ninja gears. The approximate value of the Prize is five hundred Canadian dollars (CDN$500.00). Winner is not entitled to monetary difference between actual Prize value and stated approximate Prize value, if any. Winner will be responsible for any expense not explicitly included in the Prize. Corus reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to substitute a prize of equal or greater value if a Prize or any part thereof cannot be awarded for any reason. The Prize is not transferable and not redeemable for cash, will not be extended under any circumstances and must be accepted as offered without substitution. Prize will be distributed within ten (10) business days after the winner has been successfully contacted and fulfilled the requirements set out herein. Corus shall not assume any liability for a lost, damaged or misdirected Prize. 5. SELECTION OF WINNER Upon completion of the Giveaway Period, one (1) entrant will be selected by a random draw from all eligible entries received during the Giveaway Period. The selected entrant will be notified by a reply to their Post within five (5) business days after the end of the Giveaway Period. The selected entrant must respond to the notification within three (3) business days. If a selected entrant does not respond in the allotted time, he/she will be disqualified and will not receive a Prize and another entrant may be randomly selected from the pool of eligible entries in Corus' sole discretion. Corus shall be in no way responsible for the failure, for any reason whatsoever, of a selected entrant to receive notification or for Corus' failure to receive a selected entrant's response. The odds of being selected as a potential winner are dependent upon the number of eligible entries received by Corus during the Giveaway Period. Before being declared a winner, the selected entrant will be required to: (i) correctly answer, without assistance of any kind, whether mechanical or otherwise, a time-limited, mathematical skill-testing question to be administered during a pre-arranged telephone call or by e-mail; (ii) comply with the Rules; and (iii) may be required to sign and return the Release (described below). 6. RELEASE The winner may be required to execute a winner release form ("Release"), as determined by Corus in its sole discretion, that confirms winner's: (i) eligibility for the Giveaway; (ii) acceptance of the Prize as offered; (iii) release of Corus, Facebook, Twitter and their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates and/or related companies and each of their employees, directors, officers, suppliers, agents, sponsors, administrators, licensees, representatives, advertising, media buying and promotional agencies and prize suppliers (collectively, the "Releasees") from any and all liability for any loss, harm, damages, cost or expense arising out of participation in the Giveaway or the acceptance, use, or misuse of the Prize, including but not limited to costs, injuries, losses related to personal injuries, death, damage to, loss or destruction of property, rights of publicity or privacy, defamation, or portrayal in a false light, or from any and all claims of third parties arising therefrom; and (iv) grants to Corus of the unrestricted right, in Corus' sole discretion, to produce, reproduce, publish, broadcast, communicate by telecommunication, exhibit, distribute, adapt and otherwise use or re-use the winner's name, image, likeness, voice and biography, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, in connection with the Giveaway and the promotion and exploitation thereof. The executed Release must be returned within two (2) business days of the date indicated on the accompanying letter of notification or the verification as a winner or the selected entrant will be disqualified and the Prize forfeited. 7. GENERAL By participating in the Giveaway, each entrant: (i) (ii) (iii) (iv) Agrees to abide by these Rules and the decisions of Corus which shall be final and binding in all respects. Entrants who have not complied with these Rules are subject to disqualification; Releases and holds harmless the Releasees from any and all liability for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind to the entrant or any other person, including personal injury, death, or property damage, resulting in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from acceptance, possession, use or misuse of any Prize, participation in the Giveaway, any breach of the Rules, or any Prize-related activity; Agrees to fully indemnify Releasees from any and all claims by third parties relating to the entrant's participation in the Giveaway, without limitation; and If selected as a winner, agrees that his/her name may be used in any and all forms of media, without any further compensation by Corus and waives all rights (including moral rights) with respect to printed, broadcast and other forms of publicity. Corus reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the Giveaway, in whole or part, and/or modify, amend or suspend the Giveaway, and/or these Rules in any way, at any time, for any reason without prior notice. Personal information collected during the course of the Giveaway shall be used by Corus and its authorized representatives solely for the purposes of conducting the Giveaway and awarding Prize and will not be used or disclosed for any other purpose unless required by law. Corus will use the entrant's personal information only for identified purposes, and protect the entrant's Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with Corus Privacy Policy at: https://www.corusent.com/privacy-policy/. The Giveaway is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or any social media platforms on which the Giveaway may have been advertised. Any personal information provided by an entrant is being provided to Corus and not Instagram or Twitter. Any questions or comments regarding the Giveaway must be directed to Corus and not to any of the social media platforms on which the Giveaway may have been advertised. By participating in the Giveaway, the winner agrees that his/her name may be used in any and all forms of media, without any further compensation by Corus and waives all rights (including moral rights) with respect to printed, broadcast and other forms of publicity. The Giveaway is subject to all applicable laws of the province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein.