Privacy and Information Security Committee RECENT PRIVACY AND INFORMATION SECURITY DEVELOPMENTS February 2022 Prepared for the PRIS Committee by Reema Moussa and Christopher Frascella MDLs Proceed against Clearview and Macy's for Use of Facial Recognition Tech The multi-district litigation (MDL) against Clearview AI survived a motion to dismiss in February, the federal judge applying intermediate scrutiny to the Biometric Information Privacy Act (BIPA) due to the mix of speech and non-speech elements in the company's facial recognition technology. Judge Coleman noted that Clearview AI captures public photos from the internet and "harvests an individual's unique biometric identifiers and information-which are not public information- without the individual's consent." She found that this presents "a grave and immediate danger to privacy, individual autonomy, and liberty", and that BIPA is narrowly tailored to address this danger through its consent provision. Clearview AI's First Amendment defense also failed last year in Illinois state court, and in 2020 in Vermont state court. Judge Coleman rejected Clearview AI's argument that BIPA applies only to the sale of biometric data. The same judge presided over the MDL against Macy's for the retailer's use of Clearview AI. Judge Coleman's determinations included finding Article III standing under BIPA for Macy's violation of plaintiffs' privacy interests but not standing under California's Unfair Competition Law due to lack of economic injury. Meta to Pay $90 Million and Delete Data Obtained by Tracking Logged-out Facebook Users, after Ninth Circuit Finds Economic Injury Facebook is alleged to have collected data on users who visited third-party websites between April 2010 and September 2011, even after those users were logged out of Facebook, in violation of the Wiretapping Act and California's Invasion of Privacy Act. The $90 million dollar settlement Facebook parent company Meta is poised to pay represents disgorgement of 100% or more of Facebook's profits connected with this data, and is supplemented by significant injunctive relief: the deletion of all user data so collected. If approved, the settlement will be among the 10 largest data privacy class settlements in U.S. history. Notably, the District Court trimmed the suit twice and then dismissed it for standing and pleading deficiencies. The Ninth Circuit revived the suit rejecting Facebook's argument that it was exempt from relevant wiretap laws as a "party" to the communications (Facebook argued the third-party websites hosted Facebook plug-ins), and accepting plaintiffs' economic harm argument based not on diminution in the value of the data possessed by the plaintiffs but instead on Facebook's profiting from the data by selling it to advertisers. The Supreme Court denied cert, paving the way for settlement negotiations. EU Telecom Regs May Inspire Digital Markets Act In an interview with MLex, the Chair of the Body of European Regulators for Electronic Communications (BEREC), Annemarie Sipkes, detailed how the telecom regulator's policies could inform the EU's Digital Markets Act (DMA). The BEREC Chair serves as an advisor to final DMA negotiations between EU governments, the European Parliament, and the European Commission. The DMA seeks, among other things, to prevent anti-competitive pricing and preferential behavior and to promote interoperability from "gatekeeper" online platforms. Chair Sipkes discussed BEREC's "ex ante" regulation in which companies with "significant market power" are required to open up markets to rivals. The Chair also addressed structuring complaint processes to distinguish legitimate access denials (e.g. apps presenting security concerns) from anti-competitive denials, and relying on complaints as grassroots intelligence. EDPS Calls to (Mostly) Ban Pegasus The European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) has called for an EU-wide ban to Pegasus Spyware, in all but the most exceptional circumstances. Pegasus is a cyberweapon with the potential for zero-click infiltration of a user's phone, without the ability to trace who conducted the surveillance. Once a device is compromised, Pegasus can actively record with the phone's microphone or video camera, grab personal data like calendars, contacts, and passwords, or download all the data on the device, including emails, photos, and browsing history. The European Parliament recently initiated an inquiry into Pegasus, which is significant in light of the discovery that Hungary and Poland have used Pegasus, and may have included journalists among their targets. As of 2018, Pegasus was in use by more than 40 countries. Toronto's CitizenLab first reported on Pegasus in 2016, the U.N. special rapporteur on freedom of expression called for a moratorium on the technology in 2019, and the U.S. Commerce Department added Pegasus to its Entity List in 2021. NSO Group asserts that Pegasus is a necessary encryption-circumventing tool to stop terrorists, human traffickers, drug cartels, and pedophiles, and that "there is not enough education about what a national security or intelligence organization needs to do every day [to provide] basic security to their citizens." The company released its first annual Responsibility Report in June 2021, in which it cited that in less than 0.5% of instances Pegasus was misused. New York Privacy Act passes state Senate's Consumer Protection Committee On February 8, 2022, The New York Privacy Act was approved by the New York Senate Consumer Protection Committee. Similar to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), the Massachusetts Information Privacy and Security Act, and the Colorado Privacy Act, the Act aims to "strengthen consumer privacy rights by requiring companies to disclose their methods of de- identifying personal information, placing safeguards around data sharing, and allowing consumers to obtain the names of all entities with whom their information is shared." The Act will empower individuals to bring private rights of action for violations of the Act by "legal persons that conduct business in New York State or produce products or services intentionally targeted to residents in New York State," so long as the businesses meet the following stipulations: (1) have annual gross revenues of at least 25 million dollars; (2) control or process personal data of 100,000 consumers or more; (3) capture personal data of 500,000 people nationwide, and control or process personal data of 10,000 consumers; or (4) develop 50% of their gross revenue from the sale of personal data, and control or process personal data of 25,000 thousand consumers or more. This legislation enhances New York's privacy and data protection framework, which has continued to expand, including a new Electronic Monitoring Law that was signed into law in November 2021. Privacy and Competition Policy Coordination Agreement signed between Philippine Regulatory Agencies On February 9, 2022, the Philippine Competition Commission (PCC) and the National Privacy Commission (NPC) signed a memorandum of agreement (MOA) to strengthen enforcement and policy coordination on privacy and competition issues in the digital economy. The MOA will enable investigation and enforcement support between the PCC and the NPC by forming joint task forces, cultivating two-way notification of matters of mutual concern, and enabling direct consultations between the regulators in drafting and implementing policies within the competition and privacy fields. New Google Antitrust Complaint in Europe On February 11, 2022, a new antitrust complaint was filed against Google with the European Commission for its practices in the digital advertising sector. In its complaint, the European Publishers Council (EPC) claims that Google has abused its dominant market position across different stages in the adtech chain by foreclosing competition in ad tech. EPC is the European publishers' trade body, including members such as News UK, Conde Nast, Bonnier News, and Editorial Prensa Iberica. Google has been fined more than 8 billion euros (9.2 billion dollars) in recent years for anti-competitive practices between three cases. Last year, EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager launched an investigation into Google's digital advertising business, which the EPC claims its complaint potentially strengthens. Amazon Fined 2 Million Euros for GDPR violations in Spain On February 11, 2022, the Spanish data protection authority (AEPD) fined Amazon Road Transport Spain 2 million euros for its illegal processing of personal data in violation of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The AEPD launched an investigation into Amazon Road Transport Spain (ARTS) following a complaint filed by the General Union of Workers alleging that ARTS had requested that a self-employed contractor provide it with a certificate of no criminal record, which would then be shared with group companies and their supplier located outside the European Economic Area. The AEPD found this conduct to be in breach of the GDRP and in addition to fining ARTS, it also ordered it to delete all the information provided in the certificates already collected, and to adapt its data processing in accordance with the requirements of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. The decision, only available in Spanish, can be viewed here. French, Austrian Data Protection Authorities Find that Google Analytics US Data Transfer Violates GDPR On February 10, 2022, the French Data Protection Authority (CNIL) held that data collected by Google Analytics that was transferred to the U.S. violates the GDPR, in line with the previously issued Google Analytics decision in Austria. One part of Google Analytics' data collection process, which was found by the CNIL to be in breach of the GDPR, entails the assignment of a unique identifier to each visitor of a webpage, which is then transferred by Google to the U.S.. The CNIL's finding is consistent with that of the Austrian Data Protection Authority in its decision on Google Analytics that IP addresses and cookie data constitute personal data under the GDPR.